”You either believe Seymour can do it again or you don't."


Factory payrolls fell in September.So did the Federal Reserve Board's industrial-production index.


The government includes money spent on residential renovation; Dodge doesn't.

Composer Marc Marder, a college friend of Mr. Lane's who earns his living playing the double bass in classical music ensembles, has prepared an exciting, eclectic score that tells you what the characters are thinking and feeling far more precisely than intertitles, or even words, would.


This story line might resonate more strongly if Mr. Lane had as strong a presence in front of the camera as he does behind it.


The group says standardized achievement test scores are greatly inflated because teachers often "teach the test" as Mrs. Yeargin did, although most are never caught.


Experts say there isn't another state in the country where tests mean as much as they do in South Carolina.

Both Dr. Mason and Dr. Sullivan oppose federal funding for abortion, as does President Bush, except in cases where a woman's life is threatened.


"I think the market had been expecting the Fed to ease sooner and a little more than it has to date," said Robert Johnson, vice president of global markets for Bankers Trust Co.

The parishioners of St. Michael and All Angels stop to chat at the church door, as members here always have.


The framers hardly discussed the appropriations clause at the Constitutional Convention of 1787, according to Madison's notes.To the extent they did, their concern was to ensure fiscal accountability.


President Bush should set things straight, and if he does not, he will help realize Madison's fear in The Federalist No. 48 of a legislature "everywhere extending the sphere of its activity and drawing all powers into its impetuous vortex."


His wife also works for the paper, as did his father.

He notes that program traders have a commission cost advantage because of the quantity of their trades, that they have a smaller margin requirement than individual investors do and that they often can figure out earlier where the market is heading.

"Just as the 1980s bull market transformed the U.S. securities business, so too will the more difficult environment of the 1990s," says Christopher T. Mahoney, a Moody's vice president. 


Investors switched trading focus quickly as they did Tuesday, reflecting uncertainty about long-term commitments to any issue or sector, traders said.

See, the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you can't steer, and neither can your pilot.


In addition, further packaging of mortgage-backed securities, such as Blackstone's fund, have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions don't have to.

Talks between the two sides could unravel, of course, as they have more than once since Sony announced its plans to hire Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters.

Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and aren't expected to anytime soon.

More stable industries were to build an economically viable infrastructure for the Moon movement in North America, as they had in Japan and South Korea.

During the takeover, Mr. Hahn said he would put his account up for review if WPP's bid were successful, but he didn't.

Can Sihanouk and Hun Sen knock off the Khmer Rouge still supported by China?He can't.


"All we could do was tell a patient, `squeeze my fingers as hard as you can' or `raise your arm. ' " Under the best circumstances such tests are subjective; when a patient is unconscious, they don't work at all.

"We weren't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons - if we had, it might have scared us off," he says.


But even if he agrees, Mr. Kemp doesn't write the nation's housing law -- Congress does.


Although Philip Morris typically tries to defend the rights of smokers with free-choice arguments, "this has nothing to do with cigarettes, nor will it ever," the spokesman says.

The big questions are whether the increase, effective Jan. 1, 1990, will stick, and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit - it is widely expected that they will.

While recognizing that professional environmentalists may feel threatened, I intend to urge that UV-B be monitored whenever I can.

American Enterprise Institute scholar Norman Ornstein in the Oct. 21 TV Guide on "What TV News Doesn't Report About Congress -- and Should":

An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast-moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in, say, West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not.


"I couldn't talk with her as I would with someone who had a lot of vocal training."


And please, Michelle, when you sing the line in "Makin' Whoopee," about another sunny, funny honeymoon, don't say "funn-ih," the way Dylan would.

If these speculators can't afford to trade as actively as before, stock-index futures prices, and therefore stock prices, may have to fall further than they might otherwise to attract buyers.

Warner and Mr. Azoff declined comment, as did MCA, where Mr. Azoff had also been discussing such a venture.

I attend, and so does a television crew from New York City.

It's somehow OK for Secretary Baker himself, however, to say all the same things - in fact, he did; the quotes above are from Mr. Baker's speech of two weeks ago.

But early on, IBM offered its basic design to anybody wanting to copy it - dozens of small companies did, swiftly establishing a standard operating system.

An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S.

IBM, though long a leader in the Japanese mainframe business, didn't introduce its first PC in Japan until five years after NEC did, and that wasn't compatible even with the U.S. IBM standard.


Yesterday, Joel Zweibel, an attorney for Eastern's creditors committee, declined to comment on whether the experts had ever been instructed to look at other choices and whether they now were asked not to.

But even that group knows some people don't use their machines as much as they should. 

Moreover, Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do.

He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes.


"There is no question that the situation is bad, but we may be painting a gloomier picture than we should," he said.

They say insurance companies use policies aimed at excluding bad risks because their competitors do.

Wells Rich declined to comment on the status of the account, as did the other agencies.

A good half-hour into breakfast at the Palmer House, Mr. O'Brien looks up from his plate after Mr. Straszheim says something about people who believe interest rates are about to nosedive - “I’m one of them who hope they will, with $6 billion in debt on the books.

On days when prices are tumbling, they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will.

Irving maintained -- and still does -- that its actions were proper under its account agreements with customers.

"It's a matter of being close to those suppliers; many of those companies don't know us as well as they should."

Mr. Good, who documents these things as best he can, provides an official explanation in the form of a memorandum from Chief of Staff George C. Marshall to President Roosevelt: "1,430 pounds of ammunition," he wrote his commander in chief, were expended on "unidentified aircraft," flying at speeds as slow as 200 mph and elevations between 9,000 and 18,000 feet.

To reduce the danger of such pricing cycles, Akzo has invested heavily in specialty chemicals, which have highly specific industrial uses and tend to produce much higher profit margins than do bulk chemicals.

"The vans leave at least 15 minutes earlier, on average, than they used to.

But the Reagan administration thought otherwise, and so may the Bush administration.


But Mr. Wyss said he will watch the numbers to get an inkling of whether consumers' general buying habits may slack off as much as their auto-buying apparently has.

It argues, as does Unice, that labor relations are best left to be regulated at the national level.

If you asked me to select a stock with the highest expected return, I would select a stock with the greatest amount of undiversifiable risk, as I am sure your pros do.

The football and basketball players spent more time on their sports in season than they did on class attendance and homework combined (30 hours a week versus 25.3).

But even those numbers don't describe the situation as well as the athletes do in their own words.

Environmental concerns are beginning to have as much influence in oil-industry spending plans as the price of crude does.

"A lot of people think I will give away the store, but I can assure you I will not," he says.

Mr. Sutton recalls: "When I left, I sat down with Charlie Rangel, Basil Paterson and David, and David said, 'Who will run for borough president?” And I said, 'You will.’”

If she remains influential with Mr. Dinkins, as some suggest she will, his mayoralty may take on a more anti-development flavor.

"It's hard to accept all the suffering people are going through, but you have to - if you don't, you can't do your job."

"I owe that contractor - I really do," she says.

And then, asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far.

The bill also would give the SEC the power to close the markets, a discretion that former SEC Chairman David Ruder wanted but Mr. Breeden doesn't.

Hassan comes to a bad end, but so does almost everyone else in the book.

But Sony also says in its filing that the Warner contract "doesn't require that Guber and Peters take any affirmative steps to produce motion pictures; it simply rewards them when they do and prohibits them from producing for another entertainment company."

Goodwill planned to sell the property and pocket the proceeds, as it had in many similar cases.

Mr. Jeancourt-Galignani refused to say whether Indosuez will bid for all of Morgan Grenfell when its year is up - if it does, the operation would be one of the largest foreign purchases of a U.K merchant bank.

"We haven't decided to blacklist any firms - but there's a chance we might," said David Wilson, head of Penn Mutual's $100 million stock portfolio. "We are very upset about what has happened to the stock market.

Goldman, which doesn't do index arbitrage for itself but does for customers, is concerned about the fallout. 

Neil Kinnock, Labor Party leader, dubbed the 46-year-old Mr. Major a "lap dog" unlikely to veer from his boss's strongly held views, as Mr. Lawson sometimes did.

The shortcomings of delaying the reward, as Sen. Roth and Sen. Robert Packwood (R., Ore.) propose, is that it may not boost savings much and, if it does, it may widen deficits in the future. 

Dow Jones is not going to squeeze as hard as it could."

All of which has enabled those of us in Washington who enjoy wallowing in such things to go into high public dudgeon, as Mr. Apple and I did the other night on ABC's "Nightline." 

It is difficult, if not impossible, for anyone who has not pored over the thousands of pages of court pleadings and transcripts to have a worthwhile opinion on the underlying merits of the controversy - certainly I do not.

The first is that it represents an intense battle in what James Thurber used to caricature as "the war between the sexes.” - but although Thurber did so gently and lightheartedly, many of Dr. Morgan's supporters have taken Thurber's memorable title "The Male Animal" quite literally.

The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents for a variety of reasons, and congressmen read the same newspapers and watch the same TV newscasts as other people in the area do.

"I'd love to see sports cut back, and so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools, but everybody's afraid to make the first move," he confided.

Dean Steinkuhler, a spectacularly bulked-up former lineman, confesses that he used 'em, and says other Huskers did too.

All of their friends have children and they can't, so now they want a child more than anything -- perhaps even more than Michael wanted his fancy convertible or his deluxe stereo equipment.

So why does Renaissance's computer like stocks with the Dow at 2653.28, where it closed yesterday, when it didn't with the Dow at 2200?

So far, they say, it hasn't had any noticeable effect on response rates - and before it does, they're trying to cut back on the clutter that created the situation in the first place.

Call it anecdotal if you will.

Will the investments pay off? The growth of Las Vegas tourism in recent years persuades lenders that they will.

The former $3 million-a-year lobbyist now frequents shelters for the homeless and devotes a third of his time counseling other recovering alcoholics - “I feel better than I ever have in my life," he says.

The Morgan case thus tells us much more about the current state of sex, class, race and politics in our society than it does about the facts of Dr. Morgan's particular situation.

By contrast, in 19th-century Russia an authoritarian government owned the bank and had the power to revoke payment whenever it chose, much as it would in today's Soviet Union.

"We would stop index arbitrage when the market is under stress, and we have recently," he said, citing Oct. 13 and earlier this week.

Nervousness that the market hasn't seen the last of its recent volatility kept trading at a moderate pace, as did anticipation of a report on the economy's third-quarter performance.

"I could get AZT," says Mrs. Glaser, who bears her infection without any symptoms. “But my daughter couldn't, until she was too ill to take it.”

In the recent past, bond buyers didn't seek such assurance - now, apparently, they do.

Some TV people doubt they will materialize and argue that even if they do, they won't offset the multimillion-dollar deficits that CBS could run up. 

Even if baseball triggers losses at CBS -- and he doesn't think it will -- "I'd rather see the games on our air than on NBC and ABC," he says.

Americans place native or native speakers in charge of subsidiaries overseas.European multinationals do likewise; even in America, their affiliates are usually run by American managers.

Mr. Corry might have to dismember the company more than he wants to.

In 1986, Mr. Roderick adroitly dodged Mr. Icahn's first bullet after the takeover specialist had built up an 11.4% stake - Mr. Roderick did so by having USX redeem a series of guaranteed notes, a move that, in effect, raised the cost of a $7.19 billion Icahn bid by about $3 billion.

USX, he noted, was formed 88 years ago, "by in effect buying out a bunch of other companies, and so, people got rich through takeovers in those days, as they do today."

IBM, Armonk, N.Y., said it wanted to bring out the mainframes as soon as it could to spark as many sales as possible by the end of the year.

But a spokesman said the quake won't have as big a financial impact on Allstate as Hurricane Hugo did.

He is known as the father of the U.S.-grown Granny Smith, a radically different apple that the conventional wisdom once said would never catch on - it did, shaking the apple establishment to its roots.

But freshness counts more than it once did, and stores are expanding shelf space for unconventional, but tastier, and often pricier, apples. 

By not choosing one of these options, Israelis will condemn themselves, as the Maronites did, to perpetual war with the Muslims in their midst, and so to the internal erosion of their state.

That means that on days when prices are tumbling and sellers abound they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will.

I don't know why - Edward Chojnowski does.

Try as they might, the Communists could neither replace nor break him.

The pension's size still depends on how much produce he sells the state - his allotment of materials also did, until the state couldn't hold up its end of that bargain.

At first UAL didn't open because of an order imbalance - when it did a half-hour into the session, it was priced at $150 a share, down more than $28 from Monday's close.

"Gold still acts as a haven when uncertainty prevails in the financial markets as it did" yesterday, she said.

Someone with a master's degree in classical arts who works in a deli would be ideal, Litigation Sciences advises- so would someone recently divorced or widowed. (Since Litigation Sciences generally represents the defense, its job is usually to help the lawyers identify and remove such people from the jury.)

Some litigators scoff at the notion that a sociologist knows more than they do about what makes a jury tick. "The essence of being a trial lawyer is understanding how people of diverse backgrounds react to you and your presentation," says Barry Ostrager of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, who recently won a huge case on behalf of insurers against Shell Oil Co.

Some bourbon makers advertise abroad as they do at home.

The quarter net was below analyst expectations mainly because truck-parts sales didn't rebound in September from the summer doldrums as they usually do, said Patrick E. Sheridan, analyst with McDonald & Co.

A former executive agreed that the departures don't reflect major problems, adding: "If you see any company that grows as fast as Reebok did, it is going to have people coming and going."

One analyst noted that the company often has better store locations than do its franchisees, thus aiding promotional efforts.

On average in the latest nine months, company-operated units in the U.S. had $90,552 more in sales than did franchised outlets.

Poland produces about 20 times more soot and five times more sulfur dioxide and solid waste per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe.

The President of the United States urged the Panamanian armed forces to move against Mr. Noriega, and when they did, his commanders didn't have the initiative to do more than block a couple of roads.

The text by Patrick O'Connor is a tough read, but the pictures make her magnetism clear and help explain why Ernest Hemingway called Baker "The most sensational woman anybody ever saw - or ever will."

Still, the list of troubled Drexel bond offerings dwarfs that of any firm on Wall Street, as does its successful offerings.

Now they know who you mean and you know who you mean - but no one else does.

Many Japanese think it only natural that the organizations or their members would donate to politicians, the way many Japanese do, to win favor or support.

China might stave off a crisis if it acts as forcefully as it did to arrest the 1985 decline, when Beijing slammed the brakes on foreign-exchange spending and devalued the currency.

But from early on, Tiger's workers unionized, while Federal's never have.

But just as every previous NSC adviser has, Gen. Scowcroft now will have to mull at what point the NSC staff becomes too lean and too restrained.

"The sense is we would never be in a position again where everything works for us the way it did before," says Rod Eddington, Cathay's commercial director.

Comsat Video, which distributes pay-per-view programs to hotel rooms, plans to add Nuggets games to their offerings, as Mr. Turner did successfully with his Atlanta Hawks and Braves sports teams.

But Peter Brody, Magnascreen's president, says Japanese companies are poised to snatch the technology and put it to commercial use, just as they did with earlier U.S. innovations in color television and video recording.

The arbs may recoup some of their paper losses if the UAL deal gets patched up again, as they did in 1982 when Occidental Petroleum Co. rescued them with a $4 billion takeover of Cities Service.

Without this basic level of attention to reality, our policies on Cuba will continue to be as counterproductive as they have for 30 years.

Under that approach, countries with the most unused oil capacity would get bigger shares of any future increases in OPEC's production ceiling than they would under the current system. "If you are already producing at 95% or 100% of your capacity, what's the good to be told you can produce at 105% of capacity?" asked Mr. Al-Chalabi.

"We continue to develop products faster than anyone else can." These new products could account for as much as 35% of the company's business in 1990, Mr. Conner estimated. "We're not afraid of obsoleting some of our old stuff to stay ahead of the competition," he said.

"Shippers won't be able to look for transportation-cost savings as they have for the last eight or nine years.

And returns on cash investments may continue to exceed inflation by a wider margin than they did over the long-term past.

What's more, the losses they and the others caused "are just what we are stumbling over," says Mr. Stapf, adding that the majority of misdeeds probably go undetected - so do just about all the losses that could be attributed to the sheer incompetence of unqualified planners.

It never hurt anyone, that is, unless the growth funds don't grow when you need them to.

Revenue-short states also are becoming more aggressive pursuers of tax delinquents, and perhaps none tracks them down with more relish than does New York since it acquired an $80 million computer system in 1985.

Third and most important, Amex would charge me a far higher premium than other reputable companies would on a straight term policy for the same amount; I'd be paying so heavily just to have the option of getting my premiums back that I'd almost have to cancel to make the whole thing worthwhile.

Congress closed this loophole last year, or thought it did.

"What this means is that Europeans will have these machines in their offices before Americans do," the spokesman said.

