THE MAKING OF A WORDSMITH

‘Children show scars like medals.

Lovers use them as secrets to reveal.

A scar is what happens when the word is made flesh.’

LEONARD COHEN

‘If I do not utter a word, I am its master; once I utter it, I am its slave.’

IAN GABRIOL

‘All my work is the evidence of a life, and not the life itself.’

LEONARD COHEN

THE MAN IN QUESTION

Some people impress by what they do, others by what they say, yet others by what they are.

The last is always the more interesting type; not infrequently he or she is an impressive doer, sometimes an eloquent speaker; some, very few, are both.

Leonard Cohen is one, but in his own inimitable way.

We first met him at an elegant hotel in the ‘uptown’ district of Manhattan, New York, overlooking Central park, a watering place well known to artists (Joe Cocker also happened to be in residence at the time).

We had travelled over 12,000 miles to see him — from Greece to New York via Edinburgh, thence to Los Angeles via Nashville and back to New York via Salt Lake City and Chicago.

It was worth every mile, and somehow the travelling was particularly appropriate, for he is himself a travelling man, at home everywhere and nowhere.

He is one of nature's gentlemen.

Aware of the distances we had covered, aware too of the reason for our travels — this book and our interest in his deeper self — though far from eager, indeed, ‘alarmed’ by it, he nevertheless agreed to meet — a moment of dual appraisal.

Several cups of coffee later, and many cigarettes (not to speak of his midday repast , a small bowl of Rice Crispies — a suitable delicacy, given his previous late night explorative jazz session with Sonny Rollins and the group Was Not Was) later, he kindly consented to our task: the victim was ours.

He left town the next morning, for Montreal where he feels most at home.

Our plan was to meet there in a few days' time, once our researches in New York were concluded.

These were now more eagerly undertaken, and soon completed; thanks not least to the good offices of his very able assistant, Kelley Lynch, and his unofficial archivist, Robert Bower.

A few days later, after we had established ourselves in Montreal, we called him.

‘Mr Cohen?’ we asked in response to the ‘Hello’at the other end of the telephone.

‘Yes’ came the unmistakable, deep-voiced reply.

We reintroduced ourselves.

As before, he was concerned to hear that we had enjoyed a good flight to his native city, had found a good hotel and that we were managing to survive the bitter cold, the snow and the ice of a Canadian winter.

One could never have guessed from his enquiries that the matter was somewhat uncongenial to him.

It was an ambition come true.

We were now face to face with this man of diverse talent — poet, novelist, song-writer, performer — after following his career for nearly two decades, reading his books, playing his records, watching him sing, reading of him through the eyes of his critics — no easy feat when one is not inhibited by astigmatism!

There is no ‘side’ to him.

He who had performed for royalty, dined with national presidents, rubbed shoulders with the greatest names in the world of art and theatre, film and music, became a delightful companion and — it was never absent — a solicitous host.

The 60 or so hours he put at our disposal fled by.

Our questions ranged far and wide and his courtesy and patience turned them into an intriguing trail of discovery which was endlessly fascinating and richly rewarding, for he is also a natural raconteur.

When he commits himself to an assignment — be it a poem, a book, a song, or merely aiding a fellow-scribbler's itch, he does it with gusto —con brio , as he might annotate one of his scores.

Our second meeting, once the regulative café au lait had been taken and a strenuous five  hours of talk had been put behind us, was concluded by a guided tour of his beloved Montreal, whose night-time allurements were enthusiastically described in a car hired for the occasion, and concluded by a celebratory meal at one of his favourite Indian restaurants, toasting each other 's health and futures in an excellent Chablis.

Leonard Cohen is a man of medium height, five-feet, eight-inches (173 cm); lean, with a rugged, world-weary face.

He looks like a man who should be heavier than he is, and one soon realises that an iron discipline keeps it that way.

He enjoys his food and wine, but disallows its enjoyment to distort the image which is important chiefly to himself, and then to his public.

He is frequently described as ‘having the stoop of an ageing crop-picker and the face of a curious little boy’— which may have been true 30 years ago, but now belongs to the discard-tray with other caricatures: caricatures, as Oscar Wilde observed, are compliments that mediocrity pays to genius.

Greying a little at the temples, Leonard unconsciously confirms why he is labelled one of Canada's sexiest men, a handsome and elegant man with dark eyes (they are said to be green, but that never showed in the light of Montreal, nor in its wintry sunshine).

His skin is somewhat winter-pallid, thickening  a little, but nevertheless disguising his 54 years.

His hands are slim and well manicured, as becomes an artist-musician, somehow they seem especially sensitive — strong and caring hands!

He is always well-dressed, usually in smart suits and casual shirts, though in deference to the Jewish tradition which he discreetly adorns, he rarely wears a tie.

Occasionally he appeared in a bomber jacket and he frequently wore a hat — when we were there it was an engaging and stylish grey and white cap, though sometimes an American baseball hat in honour of Stevie Ray Vaughan.

What was entirely missing was any sense of flamboyance, in clothing or lifestyle.

His clothing was always dark, usually black, with few concessions to colours of the brighter hue.

As was his general demeanour.

He speaks softly and very reflectively, with few flights of passion.

He is content for everyone else to have their say first, though his everyday associates and friends respect his views too much to let him get away with that too often.

They wait and are seldom disappointed.

A word, an insight, a jeu d'esprit , is offered.

The conversation moves on, all the better for the comment, not infrequently the gayer for it.

His is not a dour presence, still less a melancholic one.

His humour constantly breaks through in asides and anecdotes, as does a delightful and mastering smile that transforms his face like Aegean sunlight on a frowning sea.

The first impression is of a quiet, reflective, determined man of the world, of affairs.

But the eyes give him away: sometimes they are all-seeing, giving the impression that he is quietly dissecting one's soul.

Sometimes they are especially tired, as if sleeping had been difficult.

(We almost always met in the late mornings at his favourite café, always starting the day with a reviving bowl of café au lait , followed by another — and not infrequently another!)

Sometimes they were misty and abstract, especially when one talked intimately of the past, of subjects he had long forgotten — or wanted to forget — awakening memories — nightmares?— from deep within.

Sometimes they were a little lifeless, not with lethargy or simple weariness (they could be that, but then his whole body-language ‘drooped’ accordingly), but with a specific withdrawn quality which, when taken with a certain passivity of the face, can be hard and unyielding: betokening a concern — even a resentment — in being examined in that particular way.

It is this which some journalists, using a phrase made popular by A.M. Klein, have referred to as his ‘stony, Semitic stare.’

It can be very disconcerting.

But he never succumbs to what Max Scheler termed ressentiment — that mixture of resentment and anger and injured pride that destroys so many, even if it were present in earlier years.

If one trespasses beyond the limits, he quietly corrects the fault in a plea, never a paroxysm.

His general attitude is one of an untiring and immense courtesy and helpfulness.

He knows the routine, he appreciates the need, if  without relishing it, he is too much the practised professional to show more than the briefest irritation.

And he is a man of enormous good humour, with a highly developed sense of fun and laughter which many second-hand commentators have failed to understand, or preferred to ignore.

When he laughs, it is different from the smile spoken of above.

His face is transformed into one of rapturous pleasure over which suffuses a boyish sense of fun.

It is a contagious thing that laugh, and healing too.

The Talmud says, ‘Happy is he who knows his place and stands in his own place,’ and Leonard Cohen is such a man today.

‘Seriousness’, a key word in his vocabulary, and perhaps the most important trait of his character, is ever ready to break down into self-mockery, ever willing to enjoy the jeux d'esprit with which his work and art are replete.

He is a man of balance and careful equilibrium, a man with something to say by his life as well as by his words.

Indeed, a man whose life is his word: a word made flesh.

His house, into which he welcomes his visitors with open hospitality, is a charming, three-storeyed Victorian building attached to a smaller unit which acts as the atelier for his lifelong friend, the sculptor Morton Rosengarten, and his charming painter-wife, Violet.

It backs on to another property owned by a professional photographer-friend, Hazel.

It overlooks a pretty communal park which, though much smaller, reminds one of Gordon Square, London: base of the famous Bloomsbury Group.

The artistic emphasis of the locality (there are other writers and musicians nearby, all in close contact with Leonard) is symbolic of his life.

He now lives alone, but his entourage is extremely friendly if wary of interlopers and proud of their friend, their mentor and sometime benefactor.

His house is sparsely, rather than modestly, furnished.

There is just enough décor and furniture to prevent it from looking empty, but space and simplicity are the most powerful impressions made on the visitor — what Leonard called in a different context ‘the voluptuousness of austerity.’

The environment suggests a particular character.

In an unselfconscious way, it makes a profound statement about him and his place in the world.

It is kept very warm — a real relief from the biting cold outside — and suffuses a strong feeling of tranquillity.

There are no easy chairs, save for a single wooden rocking chair; no cushions, save for three ornamental ones in a corner.

The essential projection is of simple wooden furniture, plain walls, some carpeting on the polished floorboards.

For a man given to painting there is a surprising lack of colour, of objets d'art .

Everywhere is white.

A single figurine sits in the kitchen, significantly representing Catherine Tekakwitha, and a sculpted head of his friend, the poet Irving Layton, adorns his study.

An old twenties or earlier photograph of Jewish emigrants to Palestine adorns the top of a bookcase.

Everything is very clean, neat and tidy, dusted  and polished — but plain, like the man himself.

He is reluctant to preach, but if his lifestyle conveys anything, it is an emphatic witness to the importance of the things of the spirit; a disclaimer of the acquisitive society.

While provision for his guests is more than adequate, his bedroom consists of a single bed with a small television at its foot, remotely controlled.

One suspects that it is his concession to a profound loneliness, a loneliness which he dare breach only at great cost to his true self, his equilibrium as thinker/artist.

To that extent it is a harsh existence, quite unlike that of the artists, musicians and writers with whom he normally mixes.

Seymour Siegal wrote ‘In everyone's heart stirs a great homesickness,’ Leonard Cohen's home is itself a symbol of such homesickness; not a gesture, but an emblem of man's existential isolation and alienation, which he represents discreetly, without ever advertising it.

(‘Lonely’ or ‘loneliness’occurs a dozen times in his songs.

‘Solitude’ and its cognates — a much more positive expression of the reality — but seven times, a not insignificant indication to which we must return.)

We should note, however, that loneliness is itself a feature of many Canadian writers, fruit of that belittling vastness of country in which they are placed.

As Professor Desmond Pacey emphasises in his brilliant survey,Creative Writing In Canada , in the words of Duncan Campbell Scott:

‘So lone is the land that in this lonely room Never before has breached a human being …’

Pacey also argues that terror is another of its features:

‘Terror of the wilderness, of storm and flood, of savages and of the intense extremes of cold and heat .’

Significantly he adds:

‘But there is also exultation, the fascination as well as the fear of great strength.’

In such comments we find ourselves in the precise atmosphere of Rudolf Otto's ‘numinous ’, the ‘mysterium tremendum et fascinans ’— the mystery that creates wonderment as well as terror — which surely accounts at least in part for the high level of religious feeling in Canadian folklore and literature; not least in Leonard's expression of it.

It also accounts for poetry being a more natural instrument of its literary expression than fiction or drama.

His frugality extends to his two work-places.

The plural is required for this multi-talented worker: his ground-floor music-room included a chair, a not over-expensive hi-fi unit with a modest collection of cassette tapes and a synthesiser; in the corner stands one of his guitars.

His writing-room on the first floor contains an unprepossessing table and a sideboard, on which sit his word-processor and printer.

A small chair and bookcase completes the picture.

The books — almost as much a symbol of Jewishness as the Mogen David itself — are by and large well thumbed, though fewer than one would expect.

They offer a microcosm of his mental world in their range: Zen Buddhism, poetry, English and French literature, mysticism and spirituality (not least that of Simone Weil), music, a few general books.

He speaks of them with enthusiasm, and he lends them with abandon.

In another room adjacent to one of his two bathrooms lies some weight-lifting equipment: the needs of the mind are counterbalanced by those of the body.

But the spirit is never forgotten.

In an age mesmerised by quantitative values —‘big is beautiful’, ‘small is beautiful’— he projects another, and immensely more important aspect: kind is beautiful.

It is his principle ethic.

Here then is a man, a large measure of a man: your man!

A PRESTIGIOUS FAMILY

Leonard Norman Cohen was born on September 21, 1934, to Nathan B. Cohen and his wife Masha, citizens of Montreal, Quebec.

The times, to say the least, were not propitious.

The New York stock-market had collapsed but five years previously, ushering in a period of need and anguish not only across America and Canada (New York is but 400 miles from Montreal), but throughout Europe, too.

In Canada it came to be known as ‘The 10 Lost Years’, which were devastating for those on the prairies and very difficult for those in the cities.

To the scourge of this Depression dark voices were being added, and the shadows of armed conflict were beginning to impinge — a most unwelcome, even unbelievable thought to those who had, within the last 20 years, already risked their lives for King and country in ‘The War To End All Wars.’

Nathan Cohen was one of them, and he had just cause to fear the upturn of the events, as did his younger brother, Horace.

(A third brother, Lawrence, was too young to enlist).

They had both served in the armed forces, and Nathan had been disabled as a result.

They knew what was threatening.

Masha Cohen also knew of such things, not in the same way, but from her own very different experiences as a young girl whose family had been harassed and hounded in the anti-semitic agitations that rent Poland.

She had seen her country overrun by both the German and the Russian armies; she knew at first-hand the madness of war and the fear it transmits to the civilian population.

Her memories and her character had been indelibly scarred by the suffering engraved in mind and flesh.

If Nathan Cohen — some years older than his wife — had known the dangers of battle as a young lieutenant in the army, then Masha Cohen had known its civilian equivalent, what it was  like to have been humiliated, to have lost everything, and to have been forced to flee from one's country and kindred.

Masha had, in fact, learned the terrible lesson as the despicable pogroms developed into a policy of national hatred and persecution, later to be transformed into actual genocide and thence into the horrors of the Holocaust.

If Nathan conveyed confidence and buoyancy to his progeny, Masha brought distrust and fear and the recollection of terrible suffering.

But with it all, an indomitable hope of the finest calibre.

Nathan Cohen himself was the eldest son of Lyon Cohen, one of the really influential men of early Canadian consolidation over five decades, not least among his own Jewish people.

His father, Lazarus Cohen (known as Reb Leizer), was formerly a bochur (teacher) in the rabbinical college of Wolozhin, near Wilkovislak in Lithuania.

Born in 1844 to a family noted for its piety and scholarship, Lazarus had decided to emigrate to Canada in 1869, having heard reports of the young country's potential: its federation was then but two  years old.

The writing was already on the wall for those willing to read it in his own country.

Within two years he had so firmly established himself that he was able to bring to Canada his wife and young son, Lyon, where they settled happily, first at Maberly, Ontario, then in Montreal, a home with more than a touch of aristocratic manners and style.

(Lazarus's brother, Hirsch, was a man of similar energy and stature, who became the Chief Rabbi of Canada.

He was of a more literary bent, and wrote a biography of King Louis, as well as a book on ethics and business titled Put Money In My Purse ).

Lazarus's business ambitions soon elevated him from storeman to lumber merchant, thence to a partnership in the coal industry which became his sole business — L. Cohen and Son — after a few years, and hence to a high-profile dredging company which could boast that it had kept every one of the lifelines of the young nation — the St. Lawrence tributaries between Lake Ontario and Quebec — open.

Lyon soon emulated his father's zestful example.

By the time he was 16,The Montreal Herald was reporting the great success of his four-act play Esther , which he had written and produced (and played a leading part in)— shades here of his precocious grandson!

This so impressed the then president of the Canadian branch of the Anglo Jewish Association that he invited the young man, scarcely more than a boy, to be its secretary; the start of a highly successful and very wide range of business and charitable interests.

Quite apart from his business acumen (by the end of his commercial life he was the head of the largest clothing manufacturers — which his father had acquired earlier, originally named Freedmans — in the British dominions, as well as chairman or president of the most  important trade bodies related to that industry) he held very senior positions in such organisations as the Baron de Hirsch Institute, the Montreal Reform Club, the Montefiore Club, the Montreal Insurance Co, the Jewish Public Library, the Hebrew Educational Institute, the Canadian Jewish Committee for the Relief of War Sufferers in Europe, the Executive of the Canadian Jewish Congress, the Canadian Colonisation Committee, the Zion Athletic Club, the Zionist Organisation of Canada, and many, many more.

From 16 to 70 he worked assiduously and well, justifying the proverb that ‘Work is easy — for those who like to work.’

The rewards, financial and social, were commensurate with this, to the great benefit of family and community alike.

In all this he found time to address meetings for these and many other bodies, hold weekly classes for teaching the youth of his synagogue post-biblical history and related subjects, write articles for the Jewish press (he founded an Anglo Jewish Journal called The Jewish Times later to be absorbed into the Canadian Jewish Chronicle ).

By the age of 35 he had become the youngest president of the largest and most prominent synagogue in Canada; brilliantly engineered the merging of all the philanthropic societies of Montreal (‘With a view to obtaining the greatest efficiency with the least possible expense and labour,’— surely his own life-principle next to his religious and familial devotions); and placed himself in the forefront of the social and economic battles of the period.

This paved the way for leadership in an even greater battle — world war.

He led the war-effort locally by encouraging volunteers to enlist, saying, ‘I would not consider my son fit for recognition in civil society if he would not fight for his land, his flag, and his king.’

Not only one but both his elder sons did so, and thereby became the first Jewish officers to be commissioned.

In time he was to meet and correspond with the most prominent political leaders of his nation, and become a trusted adviser to them.

Indeed, on September 12, 1924, he journeyed to Italy to meet the Pope on behalf of his people; which some commentators viewed as ‘historic’.

His home was ever open, a centre of wisdom and influence for decades; admired even by cabinet ministers from Britain.

Among many high-level tasks, he drafted an Appeal to the League of Nations on minority rights, and made many approaches to various government authorities through a wide range of memoranda, petitions and similar appeals.

He was asked to stand for parliament, but declined, having no particular relish for party-politics; he was too large-hearted a man for that.

For all his organisational and business efficiency, he was a man of immense personal charm and dignity: ‘Well-dressed, aristocratic, calm, and with a ready and reassuring smile,’ it was said.

Moreover he was a man of great devotion, who upheld the high ideals of the synagogue's  pulpit, the beauty of its services, as well as the splendour of the building itself.

He was elected President of the Congregation in 1934, the year of Leonard's birth, which helped to cement even further that deep family loyalty to the institution.

He once said that his ambition was to make of it ‘the Cathedral Synagogue of Canada,’ and that is exactly what happened.

Years later, in a moment of youthful self-disclosure, his grandson commented through one of his fictional characters, ‘It didn't matter to him how he faced the congregation: his grandfather had built the synagogue.’

One of Lyon's responsibilities was to ensure that the cantor, who led the singing on behalf of the congregation, was fit for the job.

He could not abide those who went in for exhibitionism, considering such to be irreligious.

On engaging a new cantor he would say (in Yiddish), ‘You must be able to sing; but don't you dare!’

A view which undoubtedly reached down through his family, as we shall see.

For all his communal effort, he was a strong family man, head of a ‘truly aristocratic home,’ according to Albert Cohen, no relation, but the Hebrew teacher who privately taught Lyon's children on Rosemount Avenue.

He loved to speak Yiddish, and every Sabbath would find family and guests, rabbis and friends, some of them world-famous, discussing the sermon, the latest books (of which he had a very fine collection), Jewish history and literature — in Yiddish, Hebrew and English.

Curiously, he had a pronounced Scottish accent, in an area whose street names reflected the provenance of the early settlers at Westmount: Douglas, Montrose, Ramsay, Aberdeen, Argyll and so on.

His son, Nathaniel Bernard (shortened to Nathan, as was the custom), Leonard's father, exited from his war service disabled.

Whether it was through actual injury or through falling foul of one of the debilitating illnesses (such as trench fever), we do not know.

But he was to spend the next dozen or so years of his life as a partial invalid.

To be sure, he still upheld the standards of his father; he played a full role in the family business on the manufacturing side, but the crown went to his younger brother, Horace, who had not only secured field-promotion to Captain, but went on to bring the family business — and his industry — to new heights, for which he was awarded the OBE several years later.

(Lawrence managed the brass-works.)

It was through such ascendancy that ‘the power of the uncles,’ from which Leonard appears to have suffered somewhat in adolescence, obtruded itself on the maturing boy.

They were a close family, who gathered at Lyon's and his wife Rachel's home each week, cementing the family solidarity by such meetings sabbath by sabbath.

Because of his father's incapacity, Leonard grew up with all the advantages of family prestige, and few of its responsibilities.

His home, a very well disposed, if modest, semi-detached residence in the affluent part of Montreal known as Westmount, backed on to a park  overlooking the city and the mighty St. Lawrence River and port.

Despite the Depression, the family were well provided for, and spared the rigours that many others endured.

Mrs Cohen was ‘queen’ of her domain and, aided by a maid (suitably attired), a nurse for the children (Leonard had an elder sister, Esther), and a chauffeur-gardener (a coloured man named Kerry), they were particularly fortunate.

When Mr Cohen was well, they lived the life of any well-to-do family of the time, in the Edwardian style of the period.

Indeed, Leonard's main recollection of his father lies in that style, rather than more personal attributes or memories, and he is wont to describe him with his top hat and gloves, his cane and spats, and miniature service medals.

Breavman, the main character of his autobiographical novel The Favourite Came recollected his father singing the old soldiers' song ‘K-K-K-Katy…’!

When ill, which was often, Mrs Cohen acted as his nurse, and thus their children were largely left free to do as they liked, or at least as much as their ‘nanny’ allowed them.

Curiously, she was of Irish descent, a Roman Catholic, and so they grew up influenced by her form of Christianity, which is the dominant religious influence in Montreal.

It is this which partially explains Leonard's openness to, and understanding of, Catholicism which we find in his poems, books and songs.

from the earliest years he was enveloped in a clash of ‘mythologies’, to use his word, and grew up aware of their contributive, as well as their competitive, differences.

Nathan Cohen was necessarily a quiet and reflective man, 19 years older than his wife.

He had inherited his family's respect for learning, and though not a savant himself, he nevertheless brought his children up with a healthy respect for books and the independence they instil.

One of Leonard's great joys in his teenage years was a full set of the English poets, bound in leather, which had been given to his father for his Bar Mitzvah .

Already drawn to poetic vision and utterance, Leonard discovered this world for himself, cutting the virgin edges of the books which his father had left uncut for 40-plus years.

It was true self-education, and accounts for the enjoyment he still shares in the works of poets now regarded as passé .

But there were many other joys for the family, and they led a privileged and enjoyable lifestyle, despite Nathan's indispositions.

The day-to-day running of the house was in Mrs Cohen's hands.

She was herself the daughter of a rabbi, whose father and grandfather before him had upheld the light of Jewish learning in their part of Poland.

Her own father, Solomon Klinitsky-Klein (sometimes Kline, who was born at Vilkaviki; the other side of the family come from Vilna), was hugely influential there; through his books, notably his Lexicon Of Hebrew Homonyms which received excellent reviews in North America, Great Britain and Israel when published, became very well  known in his adopted land.

Another of his famous works was the Otsar Taamei Chazel , or The Treasury Of Rabbinic Interpretations , a thesaurus of views and definitions which was hailed as brilliant, indeed, unique in the sacred literature of his people.

Rabbi Klinitsky-Klein and his family had escaped to Canada through the good offices of a Jewish agency in 1923 — the sort movingly described by Norman Glimotsky in his My Life, My Destiny .

Up to that time their lives had been appallingly difficult, given the savage treatment their fellow-Poles meted out to them.

Insecurity, hunger, constant vilification and injustice were their lot, and it was as exhausted escapees that they made their way from Europe via Liverpool to Halifax (then the most important port on the Atlantic coast), before finally settling in Montreal.

‘A stab in the heart leaves a hole,’ says the proverb of a people Leonard refers to as ‘professionals’when it comes to suffering and loss; this trauma was one in which Leonard and his sister grew up.

Not that Masha was unable to enjoy herself — she had a fine sense of humour and loved to sing, which she could do well, serenading the songs of her homeland — lullabies and airs which still resonate in her son's head to this day.

As do the stories she told him.

But she would never forget the very different lifestyle of her early years — she was 20 when they emigrated; the veneration of her father and her father's father, the gross insecurity under which they lived; the ever-present threat of injury and loss, and the belittling malice; experiences which moulded and coloured her whole existence, as did her knowledge of Polish, Russian and Yiddish.

It was natural for such a leading Talmudic authority as her father to earn the respect and friendship of one such as Lyon Cohen, the prestigious future president of the synagogue and nephew of the Chief Rabbi; he had corresponded with Lyon prior to settling in Montreal.

It was natural, too, for his unattached son to be smitten by the courage and buoyancy of Masha Klinitsky-Klein — whose name in Yiddish, appropriately, means ‘brave’.

Self-pity was absent from her make-up; she had that indomitable strength of acceptance and total commitment.

Following her arrival, she obtained a temporary job as a nurse in the Hospital of Hope, and this situation was destined to be of great use, not least to her future husband.

It was not long before the two families were joined with ties other than zeal for their faith and a deep devotion to its outworking.

Thus came together two very divergent streams of highly talented, family tradition, representing very different experiences: the one blessed with order, security, great success and prestige; the other reflecting a similar piety which had been tested and purged in the fires of persecution and suffering.

Of Birth and Bereavement

The Montreal into which Leonard was born was deeply segmented, as is Canada itself in its famous ‘two solitudes’, the legacy of its Franco-British history; a difficult dimension for those outside its rivalries to understand.

It is not merely a question of its vastness (it is the second largest country in the world, measuring 9.2 million square kilometres), but its breathtaking grandeur:God's own country, as the Canadians delight to call it.

There is, indeed, a divine magnitude to this demi-continent of nearly four million square miles, almost half of which constitutes the backbone of the country — the famous Canadian Shield, a range of ancient rocklands (the world's oldest) which arcs from Labrador in the east, through Quebec far into southern Ontario, thence piercing north for 2000 miles into the Arctic itself.

This natural phenomenon has forced human occupation, by all races since Canada was first inhabited, not just her French colonisation in the 16th century, into its disparate parts and localities, a situation further exacerbated by the Appalachians to the east and the Cordilleras to the west.

In the smallest yet most intensely populated of the two main lowland regions, the St. Lawrence, lies the city of Montreal, an island in the St. Lawrence River itself.

by no means the first place to be discovered, it soon established itself as a maritime port of central importance to Canada's growing economy; though it commenced as a Jesuit mission-place, which explains its ethereal qualities.

At one time a fifth of the town was occupied by religious houses or mission centres.

That ‘colonisation’ has now gone.

In its place is a charming, modern city, bursting with French culture and sensibilities and gaiety.

The city is divided geographically from mainland Canada.

But the geographical differences pale when they are compared to the deep  threefold divisions which rend the city itself: of language (four-fifths of the population speak French, only one fifth English and the smaller languages); of culture (the French-speaking part naturally looks to France and French literature for its mores, while the English-speaking part relies on the attachment to the Commonwealth and its close neighbour, the United States of America); and of religion (for the gulfs here are wider than the Atlantic as the former protestant cross-sectioning of Episcopalianism/Presbyterianism meets the Roman Catholicism of the French, and both meet the surging secularism and agnosticism of our day).

To all this is added (and it must be emphasised that Catholicism has always been in the ascendancy), a healthy input from the Jewish fraternity whose civic and educational emphasis greatly increases the town's well-being, albeit from a proportionately tiny community.

(Professor Dudek has demonstrated that from a base of only 1.7 per cent of the population, the input in terms of literature and art amounts to a staggering 25 per cent.)

Montreal is an unusual city, made up of 50 villages which have grown and merged together over the years to form the modern conurbation: about 100 square kilometres in size (60 square miles), encircled by the St. Lawrence River.

The various groups keep a fairly sharp difference between them, centering their activities, not least through the exigencies of the two languages, in their own areas: essentially in the East (French) and West (English — which includes the large Scottish and ‘other’ cultural elements).

So it was that the Cohens' life was very largely circumscribed by the Montreal riding, which had as its most prestigious centre Westmount, where they lived.

Here this very affluent neighbourhood spreads out southwards and westwards from the Mont Royale, after which the city is named.

The Cohens were situated a little below the halfway mark, just below the grand boulevard that cuts through the neighbourhood.

By the late twenties, they were no longer a single-family unit centered on Rosemount Avenue, where Lyon's prestigious and influential residence (bedecked with a Star of David, in bold honour of the family's commitments) was situated.

All three brothers had settled themselves in the area, Nathan's being a pleasant semi-detached residence of three storeys.

It was ample for a small family of four of modest intent, yet large enough for a maid and a nurse to be employed.

(The maid was called Mary; the nurse simply ‘Nursie’.

She stayed with the Cohens for the first seven or eight years of Leonard's life.)

There was never any sense of deprivation, but ‘frugality’(Leonard's word) was definitely part of the family's style.

Years later he said in ‘The Telephone’:

Did we ever use those battered pots, I wondered once while rummaging in the basement.

We must have been poor or deliberately austere, but I was not told…

Leonard's main recollection was one of orderliness, not extravagance.

‘My father ran a pretty tidy ship,’ he recalled, in wistful recollection.

While its gardens were small, it had the inestimable good fortune to back on to a park with splendid views across the city and one arm of the river.

For a family with particular needs for quiet it was ideal, and when Mr Cohen was well a short walk took them into this repose of diverting potential.

Moreover, it was but a few  minutes walk from the Junior School (Roslyn), and only a little further from the senior school (Westmount High) to which Esther and Leonard were duly sent.

Of particular importance to the family was the proximity of the synagogue itself, a mere few  minutes walk through the park.

The Shaare Hashomayim Synagogue, ‘the cathedral synagogue in all Canada,’ stands in sovereign splendour at the heart of the community.

It was their synagogue not only by religious right, as members of the local community, but because the Cohen family had, very largely, been the driving force behind its foundation and continued expansions through the years.

There were other families whose contributions were also very important, but the leadership qualities of the Cohens — Lyon's in particular— had been unmatched.

These were acknowledged publicly by no less a figure than a former Prime Minister, W.L. MacKenzie King, at the communal celebrations of Lyon's 60th birthday and his 35th anniversary of engagement in social interests, as well as those of his friend of many years (to whom Lyon Cohen had diverted the honour of being invited to be the Member of Parliament several years before), Sir Samuel W. Jacobs, KC: ‘Our friend finds himself today,’, commented Jacobs, ‘the acknowledged leader of Jewry in Canada, a position acquired by years of self-denying effort…respected by his own, and also by the larger community in which we dwell.’

Just words indeed, and of more general application than that of Canadian Jewry only.

For his abilities and interests had been felt throughout the land, and had touched Palestine itself; the day would not be far distant when a woodland would be dedicated to him, the Lyon Cohen Memorial Grove, at Kadesh Naftali, south of Jerusalem.

What we know of the family shows that it enjoyed its privileges to the full, and shared a positive and happy lifestyle, without hardship, yet without vaunted excess — a balanced lifestyle, despite his indispositions.

Their life was founded on love and mutual respect: father for mother, and parents for children, to which other members of the family were regularly invited.

Nathan's illness apart, theirs was a home  life of high-minded living, fun and goodness; one which rang with Masha's high spirits, an acceptable foil for her husband's Edwardian style and manner, a real baleboste .

One of Leonard's few memories of his father (in addition to his monocle, his spats and his hair smelling of Vitalis) is that of his reading, both privately and aloud, to him and his sister — precious moments that fired the young boy's imagination and set him, although no one realised it at the time, in the direction of his life's work.

(One of his father's particular delights was found in the Reader's Digest , perhaps an indication of his limited energies.)

Leonard's overriding impression was of a stout man, reticent and somewhat withdrawn, at least introspective, who enjoyed a good laugh; a proud member of the Royal Canadian Legion and its military traditions.

From time to time other members would appear — the grandparents, the uncles, the cousins, business contacts and friends, a community within the community, and one of great internal strength.

We know very little of these early years, beyond that it was a family of privilege, untouched by the economic scourge that surrounded it, though Nathan Cohen must frequently have feared it might touch them, too — not least when he was blessed with a much hoped-for son, whom he named Leonard Norman.

The first name was aimed at keeping the initial ‘L’ in line with family tradition; the second was much more significant, relating to the family's Jewish ethos and hopes, as we shall see.

‘Norman’ is the anglicised form of Nehemiah, who stands in the history of his people as the master-builder, rebuilder more accurately, prior to the People's return from Babylonian captivity.

The name actually means ‘God is comfort’, or ‘comfort of God’— a word which will be found to have high and particular meaning for Leonard, and for those touched by his perceptions.

In the 17th century one Nehemiah Cohen made himself particularly famous by opposing ‘the false prophet of Smyrna,’ Sabbatai Zevi, who sought to lead his people back into the Holy Land.

We have no knowledge of this being in his parents' minds, but it is interesting to note that this Cohen was a Cabalist, in which tradition Leonard was deeply immersed.

We should not minimise this naming, nor its effect on Leonard's early life.

Coming as it did from such a family — not only from Lazarus' and Lyon's own strenuous devotions to their faith, in which names are of the greatest significance, but also from that of Solomon Klinitsky-Klein, his maternal grandfather and his very similar tradition.

His names projected an above-average sensitivity and commitment, which was to haunt Leonard throughout his life.

Names, like words, in Hebrew are things ; they are not merely descriptive labellings, but possess a dynamic of their own which can be communicated to those touched by them.

It is as if , with the name, an extra dimension of personality is  added — not merely as a pious recollection of the great, but as a stimulus (at times a goad) to the one so named.

The naming of a child is a rite of the greatest importance in Judaism.

In addition to the secular names, there is an additional one by which the person is known in the synagogue, by which he is ‘called to the Torah’.

That is given to the child at the all-important ceremony of circumcision, which re-enacts the covenant between God and Abraham ‘the father’ of the Jewish people, and admits the child into the family of Israel.

So Leonard was given his secular names (Leonard Norman) at the Sabbath on which his mother first attended synagogue, and his Hebrew name, Elieser (‘God is my help’) at the circumcision-ceremony itself.

And what more propitious names for the devout and hopeful parents than those of the chief servant of the father of the People and the great rebuilder of Jerusalem!

But what more daunting burden for a young man, in addition to the prestigious and ancient name of Cohen itself.

We can be very sure that the story-telling with which Leonard grew up — from grandparents, parents and Hebrew teachers — never failed to emphasise this aspect of his heritage; never failed to add to his sense of duty and destiny.

Leonard's circumcision took place, in accordance with Jewish law, on the morning of the eighth day after his birth; several prayers of blessings being recited before the actual ceremony, at which Nathan his father offered the solemn prayer:

‘Blessed art Thou, O Lord our God, King of the Universe, who hast sanctified us with Thy commandments, and hast commanded us to make our sons enter into the covenant of Abraham our Father.’

In deference to custom, there was a party in the child's honour, central to which was a dish of peas, which symbolises the lessening of grief to those who have been in sorrow — never far from the Jewish consciousness, and of particular relevance to this family; a copy of the scriptures was placed in the child's hands, along with a pen — how especially appropriate for this child!— which will have been followed by the usual Talmudic discussions in which, no doubt, Lyon and Solomon will have capped each other 's comments.

Whether the parents planted a cedar tree in honour of the occasion, as another custom dictated (girls only got a pine tree!) we do not know, but we can rest assured that the salutation-prayer was made with particular relish for this first son of a first son: ‘A boy is born into the world; a blessing has come into the world.’

There was another aspect of all this which will have heightened his sense of duty and commitment: in Judaism there is a law of redemption which must be applied to the first-born of any family.

It goes back to, and celebrates, the deliverance of the Israelites from Egypt's bondage under Moses.

Originally, all first-born sons were  dedicated to God, but monetary gifts later took their place, which were given to the priests.

But in the case of the Kohanim this was waived.

It was not necessary for the priests to fulfil the tradition, for their sons were automatically dedicated to the service of God and their fellows.

No redemption-money was needed, the child itself was the actual embodiment of the prayer-gift.

With the disappearance of temple-worship as such, this fell into misuse, but a new significance took its place, which would have had particular significance for Leonard's parents and grandparents.

At this time the father dedicates his son to the study of the Torah or to the rabbinate.

There can be no doubt that something of this sort took place at this time in Montreal, and that it forms one of the subconscious inputs in the growing boy's development, along with the high family traditions and the significance of his names.

Moreover, the covenant with Israel signified by circumcision was offered to make of the nation ‘A kingdom of priests and a holy nation.’,

The whole people were theoretically ‘a kingdom of priests’ by virtue of their privileged relationship with God.

But it was from the first emphasised that a priesthood of succession should be established through Aaron, Moses' brother.

Thus the priests were known in Hebrew as the Kohanim — the Cohens — and it is this name (which Leonard later signified in his poetry by references to his ‘blood’), which exerted most influence on Leonard, primarily in his formative years, but throughout his career — consciously and otherwise.

There was imposed upon him, which he reaffirmed at his Bar Mitzvah at 12 years of age, a double mark: not only the circumcision by which all Jewish males are placed under the covenantal blessings and duties, but also the onus of priesthood.

From that time he was dedicated, a marked man.

We need to take good note of this, for it is an aspect of Leonard's life, little stressed to be sure, at times perhaps deliberately down-played, that is of immense significance to him.

And to us if we are to understand him in anything more than a superficial way.

The priest in Israel was not merely a temple functionary, a master and manipulator of sacred ritual by which the people's offerings and worship were duly performed.

He was also a spokesman for God, even as Aaron was Moses' spokesman.

(Moses, the great founder and lawgiver of the nation, had a speech impediment which necessitated this.

Aaron the priest was thus the spokesman, even though the authority was that of Moses.)

The temple ritual turned out to be of passing significance to Judaism.

In the history of the nation, the temple — and its associated ritualism — rose and fell, as oppression and persecution (not to speak of the Israelites' hot-and-cold religious attitudes) promoted or denied its expression.

By AD 70, that fateful year of Roman conquest and  banishment, the temple had fallen for good, and the classic priestly ritual was no more.

Never again, except in the nostalgic hopefulness of a few — would the ceremonies be performed; gone were the offerings, the blood-shedding, the fire and incense, the gorgeous (and the plain) robes, and the rest of the sacred imagery which ‘fenced-off’ God's otherness from the people — and brought them close to him in awe and penitence.

But the priestly role was not finished, and their equally sacred duty of reading and explaining the law remained.

No person is more important in the history of the people since Moses, than ‘Ezra the priest’.

Ezra ha-kohen not only played the leading role in reordering the nation's religious establishment (re-establishment), but was almost certainly responsible for a great deal of the safeguarding and consolidation by which the scriptures have come down to us today.

Accordingly, in all the synagogues since the destruction of the temple, the Kohanim (the word Kohen in Hebrew actually means ‘one who officiates’) have pride of place.

They are the ones first called to read the scriptures, and offer the priestly blessings whereby the people are blessed of God — another key aspect of their office and work.

So, despite the loss of the temple, and its intricate system of worship and sacrifice, the hereditary priesthood had a role — a role which expanded, in fact, as the People themselves were thrust out into the world.

Enter into the world, therefore, the newest member of this exalted family: Leonard ‘the priest’, whose early years were shadowed — albeit not too solemnly — with a high sense of Tradition, and of the divine plan and ordering, even divine mission.

There is a fascinating folk-tale about a child's pre-birth experience which adds weight to this, though it is not reserved to the Kohanim.

It is said that prior to birth the angels instruct the child in full knowledge of life and the universe.

At the time of birth, however, an angel strikes its upper lip, so causing it to forget everything that it has seen and learned.

The physical mark of this is to be seen in the indentation between the upper lip and the nose.

(In Leonard's case this is well marked, sign no doubt of superior knowledge!)

Another superstition relates to the day on which a person is born.

Those born on a Friday are said to be marked out for special piety, which does not mean that they will be pious necessarily; only that their natures are imbued with that proclivity.

According to Jewish calculation, the year of Leonard's birth was 5694, in the month of Tishri (the biblical name is Ethanim), which is the first month of the religious year with several of the most important religious festivals in it: New Year's Day itself; the 10 Days of Penitence prior to Yom Kippur (the Day of Atonement); and the pilgrimage festival known as Succoth, also known as the Feast of Booths (or Tabernacles or Ingathering) which is a harvest festival, an especially colourful and joyous one traditionally, in which  the priestly activities in the Temple climaxed.

Leonard was thus especially welcome, especially privileged, and especially burdened: on that Friday, September 21, 1934.

So the family settled down in its definitive shape: father, mother, daughter and son.

It was overshadowed by two problems: one personal; the other national, indeed, international.

To Nathan's persistent ill-health, always attentively managed by Masha, was added the growing concern about their fellow jews in Europe.

Their own family experience had spelled out the horrors of bigotry and racial hatred; to these general and now somewhat distant things came the chilling reality of Adolf Hitler's seizure of power in Germany.

By 1935 the infamous Nuremberg laws which deprived Jews of their citizenship had been effected; with them went the boycotting of their businesses, their harassment in public places (such as education and law), and the first signs of ultimate horror — the moves to be rid of them completely.

A daunting background for the growing boy even though his parents wisely sought to cushion him from the realities.

Nevertheless, he was touched by it, as references to his people, his blood, military words, rank and weapons all show in his earlier poetry.

Jewish education is understood in three phases: primarily in the home, which is regarded as a sort of mini-temple, so strongly are the emphases and traditions posited there; at school, in the normal way, as with all growing children; and at Hebrew school, which is attached to the synagogue under the rabbi or the teachers appointed by him.

Leonard's ears, from his earliest moments, were conditioned to hear not only his mother talking but also singing in her lovely, deep alto voice the Yiddish lullabies she had known since her own childhood.

By this time she had been away from her native Russia scarcely a dozen years.

Little wonder that they were so fresh in her mind; creating a very powerful effect on his mind and unconscious, musically and rhythmically, that would remain with him for life.

Later the legends and stories with which she had grown up would be added to them — stories of astonishing miracles and heroic adventures, by which she and her father, Solomon Klinitsky-Klein — whose influence on Leonard should not be overlooked — fired his imagination and stimulated his ideas.

(Heroes are an important motif in his work.)

It was a childhood rich in the family traditions of Judaism, one that was made to feel all the more in need of protection, thanks to the brutality against them and their people in Europe.

Additionally, his father's side of the family were very enthusiastic adherents of the British Empire and in addition to their being (as Leonard preferred to call them)‘gentlemen of Hebrew persuasion,’ they were perhaps more British in some respects than the British themselves, recalling what Hugh MacLennan said in his superb novel of the period,The Two Solitudes : ‘The French are Frencher than France and the English are more British than England ever dared to be.’

As soon as Leonard learned to talk he was taught to recite the first words of the Shema , the ‘creed’ of Judaism which originated on Sinai with Moses and is recited daily:

‘O Israel, the Lord our God is One…’

To this, as he matured, more was added, until the whole declaration of faith was perfectly grasped, part of his deepest consciousness:

‘And thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might.

And these words, that I command thee this day, shall be upon thy heart; and thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thy house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou riseth up.

And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thy hand, and shalt be for frontlets between thine eyes.

And thou shalt write them upon the door-posts of thy house, and upon thy gates…’

In so doing, from his earliest possible moments, Leonard Cohen became a witness in testifying to the unity of God (his ‘oneness’) and his creation.

His deeper and more influential education was thereby commenced, based on the key concept of ‘oneness’, which would be intensified by the traditional recitations and questionings the eldest son asks of his father at Passover and the other festivals, and by his presence from an early age in the synagogue.

(The Cohens' place was very prominent there, in deference to their priestly status and local influence.)

Here he was allowed to take part in the processions, kiss the mantle girding the Torah scrolls; and sip the wine of sanctification (the Kiddish ) on Friday evenings.

These recitations are of crucial importance, not only religiously (whereby the reciter ‘reactivates’ the stories, the traditions, the revelation) but socially, in integrating the participants into a unity with them — as their stories and traditions, from which strength and morale were drawn.

The practice is at the back of all Leonard's writing, poetry and especially his songs, as we shall see.

Not merely in form, but in the old rhythms and modulations — the ‘sounds’ built deeply into his subconscious.

Nathan Cohen was, even in those spartan days, an enthusiastic if amateur cameraman.

Thanks to his hobby some splendid pictures of his son and daughter's early life were preserved — on their tricycles, walking through the local park, playing with their cousins, skating and skiing, and some more imposing ones of them with the grown-ups — getting into the car while Kerry the chauffeur holds the door open; looking very serious with the uncles and aunts, their mother appearing to be taken up with the idea of not being photographed with them!

Nevertheless, a close relationship was sustained, each Sunday evening saw the three brothers and their wives and children gathering together at Rachel Cohen's home in highly convivial mood, Leonard's grandmother being especially delighted in her firstborn's firstborn.

Nothing exemplifies the spirit of the family more than musar : instruction (as moral training) which is given to Jewish children.

It is best expressed in the admonition ‘To act nobly, to speak purely, and to think charitably,’ and nothing exemplifies Leonard's deepest nature than this triune pattern, then and now.

Leonard's recollections of his early childhood are very indistinct.

He does remember, puckishly, an incident when he was about three years of age.

The doctor, a family friend, had called to see his father, after which Leonard was invited to sit on the good man's lap.

Alas! his only response to the friendly gesture was to urinate accidentally on him, which was of consummate embarrassment to his mother, and not quite in the spirit of musar !

His introduction to day-school went more or less unnoticed.

Esther had already whetted his appetite, and it was close enough to his parents' home for him to return there for lunch each day.

Their parents had a sensible approach to the matter.

The children were expected to do well, carefully encouraged, but never laid under strain to do or be the best.

In Hebrew School it was a little different; he was a Cohen, after all.

There he was expected to be in one of the top three places — and first is better than third!

In keeping with this traditional matter went another, equally traditional: ‘Spare the rod and spoil the child,’ though in Leonard's case it was not ‘the rod’but the dog-lead that reminded him of his responsibilities, accurately wielded by his mother.

Necessary, he confessed, in his case, as his independence and ‘bohemianism’ showed itself early…

Roslyn Junior School is a large, square building less than five  minutes walk away from his home.

It is one of which the neighbourhood, for all its prestige, is proud, with an excellent academic record as well as a vigorous ‘Home and School Association’— the forerunner of Parent-Teacher Associations.

At this level there was normally little more than ‘The Three R's’: reading, writing and arithmetic.

But this was no ordinary school.

Thanks to its vigorous and far-seeing headmaster, it also found time for physical recreation, handiwork classes and art.

Once it was mooted that there should be a study-period after school, but this was vetoed by the parents' meeting which protested that it would interfere with after-school sports.

They were so enthusiastic for these that its pupils regularly walked off with all the trophies on  sports days.

And they paid extra for one Mr Simonds to coach in football and hockey.

But they were also difficult days, finances being severely restricted by the government.

(Leonard's recollection is different.

He  has no memory of any such difficulties, only of how stable society was then.

He does, however, remember the yardstick or strap which was then used to facilitate good conduct and discipline by the teachers.)

Dr Jessie Scriver made a speech stating that the economies were affecting the health of the mothers, though not that of the children as yet.

To offset the problem, the teachers agreed to salary cuts!

Nevertheless, they were able to continue the art classes (to Leonard's chagrin, a Saturday morning event) alongside needlework and other crafts, which were exhibited locally from time to time.

Jewish tradition said this about the education of the child: ‘Scripture at five;Mishnah (that is, the explanation of the scriptures;mishnah means ‘repetition’) at 10;Bar Mitzvah at 13.’

And so Leonard, from an early age, at home and at Hebrew school, was brought to the source of his faith.

Academically, he was a bright pupil, though it would appear he had difficulties in concentrating on the day-to-day routines — perhaps through boredom, often an indication of the brighter child.

One recollection of Leonard's concerns his reciting a prayer at Synagogue, which he got wrong.

Instead of the authorised prayer, he recited one for the dead.

Nathan was not too troubled by the error: ‘He'll have to learn about it soon,’ he commented, perhaps even then aware of the grimmer realities behind his words for his family.

In an interview with Mark Paytress in 1988 Leonard stated that by the age of six he was already acquainted with rudimentary Judaism and recalled being deeply touched by the stirring language and imagery of the Bible -in English and Hebrew.

Each day after school he would wend his way to the synagogue for instruction in the sacred scriptures, the stories and history of his people, which reached its climax in 1946, when Leonard was made ‘A son of the law’.

‘All hell rules over the man who is angry,’ says the Talmud, and by September 1939, when Leonard was beginning to come to terms with the thresholds of life's reality, hell was ruling the world, or at least appeared to be.

War had been declared, and the fate of Czechoslovakia, Austria and Poland was sealed, as it would be for several other countries.

It would be six years before that anger would begin to subside, six years of unspeakable anguish for those of ‘Hebrew persuasion’, when unbelievable monstrosities would be inflicted on them, by the end of which half of the world's Jewry had been murdered.

This was carefully shielded from the growing boy, though horror of a personal, more penetrating sort was to obtrude itself soon enough on him.

The genteel and pleasant routine of life which he understood, despite the lengthening shadow of his father's illness, was convulsed in 1943, when Nathan Cohen died, and the family was plunged into loss and grief.

Masha Cohen had always felt an outsider, vis-á-vis her more Westernised sisters-in-law.

She did not have the New England style of the others, and was made to feel it strongly.

This was now cruelly exacerbated; for she became even more dependent on them, not least financially.

As the old Jewish proverb has it, ‘from happiness to suffering is a step; from suffering to happiness seems an eternity.’

She had taken that step; and now she, at only 36 years of age, had to bring up her children alone, and help them in their turn to make that large and difficult step.

The loss was irreplaceable, and the pain was never forgotten, even if stoically shouldered.

Leonard was but nine when his father died, and Esther 13.

Both were old enough to feel keenly the savage blow, one from which Leonard suffered in particular, albeit outwardly in guarded silence: ‘The deeper the sorrow, the less tongue it has,’ said the rabbis.

His mother sought to protect him from the usual customs such as summoning the relatives to his father's bedside, but the trauma was nevertheless very deeply felt.

Leonard recently referred to the memory of his father as ‘a dark mass or mountain,’ of which, clearly, the details were too painful for the young boy to register or the adult to express.

(The image actually appeared in a somewhat different way in The Favourite Game : ‘Concerning the bodies Breavman lost…a man on the mountain,’ a reference to the cemetery on Mont Royale probably.)

Loss, the most alienating of all experiences; the most unbelievable, and therefore the most easily forgotten (or repressible) thing.

There can be no doubt that he was devoted to his father — his first book, published 13 years later, was dedicated ‘To the memory of my father: Nathan B. Cohen’ and there are a number of references to him in Leonard's work.

There was deception and anger, too.

As he said in one of his early poems, ‘Rites’(Let Us Compare Mythologies , p 227):

My uncles prophesied wildly

promising life like frantic oracles; and they only stopped in the morning, promised

after he had died

and I had begun to shout.

In his autobiographical novel,The Favourite Game , he tells how Breavman ‘tried to fight his anger with a softer emotion,’ and how ‘he tore the books as his father weakened.’

He was being cheated.

It was all too premature.

He had things to ask, things to learn of his father, things to tell him.

In a moment of youthful inspiration, the day after the funeral, he took one of his father's bow ties, one reserved for special occasions, and opened up its seams, into which he infiltrated a message — his first poetic utterance, as he told his Spanish biographer, Alberto Manzano — long since forgotten (or too painful to remember?).

He buried it in the back garden, near the fence, overlooking the park that  overlooks the city of which his father was so proud.

It was winter, and something of its icy strains entered the young boy's soul, never to be forgotten.

The funeral itself he remembers only for his mother's withdrawn, uncommunicative state; and for the solemnity with which his uncles — always sober and grave — conducted themselves on the day.

Jewish mourning, as with every other aspect of life, is strictly regimented.

By law no attempts may be made to hasten death or prolong the life of the sufferer.

By law no preparations are to be made in anticipation of death, apart from allowing the loved ones due access, and the positioning of candles — symbolic of the flickering life and to chase away the forces of darkness.

The funeral arrangements are a sacred duty, a mitzvah , and intense mourning (weeping and wailing) is encouraged.

We need have no reservation that such memories, not least the sounds, entered deeply into the young boy's consciousness, as his mother gave vent to her distress in English and her native Yiddish, as well as symbolically rending her clothes and chanting the dirges.

Head coverings were normal, as was the removal of one's shoes;(in some quarters the placing of dust or earth on one's head, even flesh-cutting and head-shaving, were tolerated).

It is also traditional to burn spices for the deceased; to cover the mirrors (or soap them); and to remove from the house any photographs of the deceased.

All in all, apart from the loss itself, a deeply traumatic experience heightened by the rituals.

And the day of the funeral, recalled in a quasi-fictionalised form 18 years later, was no less memorable or searing: Breavman's mother had stayed alone in her room leaving ‘Nursie’ to get the children ready.

(Leonard confirmed to us that ‘the details in The Favourite Game were true’): Breavman sat stiffly on his bed.

Whispers from the people downstairs floated up to him.

He remembered the descent down the stairs, the wintry sun reflecting off his mother's stockings, the lines of cars outside the house.

He recalled his uncles, ‘tall and solemn,’ standing behind them, patting him on the shoulder affectionately; neighbours and friends behind them, and the factory workers taking their own, lowlier places.

He remembered seeing his father's face for the last time; the coffin being lowered into its final resting place — and the hateful wake which followed.

Most of all the cheerfulness of it; his uncles' jokes, the traditional fare of eggs and bagels; the pervading sense of loneliness after they had all gone home — his uncles last of all.

And his anger, as well as his mother's night-long laments.

An experience that no boy should have; that no boy can forget.

As he admitted, ‘In real life (as opposed to his novel) there was repression…

I did not discover my feelings until my late thirties…

The psychologists would say something had been repressed…

There was a traumatic effect, blocked feelings…

It is beyond alienation…

I had to adopt the aspect of receptivity.

I was very receptive to the Bible, authority.

I wasn't interested in argument, philosophy…

I took the simple biblical past…

Having no father I tried to capitalise (on his absence), resolve the Oedipal struggle,(create) good feelings.’

Whether there can be a true ‘Oedipal struggle’ with a very sick, and then absent, father is a mute point.

Its centre normally lies in the conflict between father and son (of which Leonard never speaks) and the ensuing guilt (which, likewise, has no explicit reference), though the anger may have eclipsed that.

SON OF THE LAW — AND SON OF LORCA

By the time the first sharp feelings of his loss had begun to wear off -it would be very many years before all of it did so, and arguable that it ever did — other voices were beckoning.

As he said in The Favourite Game : ‘Seven to 11 is a huge chunk of life, full of dulling and forgetting,’ though perhaps some of the ‘forgetting’was deliberate.

It is clear that a certain possessiveness took over in his mother, always deeply caring and attentive, from which Leonard had to struggle to free himself.

The tumult of war had undoubtedly touched Leonard, though his immediate family were spared its direct horrors.

Indeed, he seems to have been more influenced by the adventure of war: ‘Que la guerre est jolie !’

Apollinaire (who coined the word ‘surrealism’, to which we must return) had commented.

In pensive vein he had published ‘an early warning’ in The Favourite Game against those who would follow ‘our future leaders, the war babies’; for the simple reason that while the world convulsed in its madness and death-throes, ‘we grew up with toy whips,’‘games’played by old and young alike.

And as he moved from boyhood to early youth, tales of heroism and daring-do accumulated, luring him by their unreal charms.

Military language and imagery entered his consciousness more forcefully at this time too.

Though soon to be exposed to Nazi atrocities as returning soldiers and the world's press became free to speak, he enjoyed the feeling of being on the winning side, of seeing his country's troops and their allies making strong progress across Europe.

By this time, he was in the second phase of his Jewish formation -that of the Mishnah , and attending his Yeshiva with some diligence, if not zest.

The Talmud Torah (‘Study of Torah’), the official name for Hebrew school, was very close to the family's heart, his forebears having put much energy into its foundation and extension.

And  Solomon Klinitsky-Klein's rekindled reputation, albeit now based in New York, increased that determination.

(Leonard called him, ‘a wise man; a world-study teacher,’ adding ‘I received a great deal from my grandfather.’)

His daughter Masha was careful to deposit in the synagogue's library copies of his works as they appeared, to the great appreciation of those who minded such things.

But there is cause to suspect that even by this time, a certain boyish scepticism had erupted in Leonard's mind.

The anger over losing his father had barely diminished, and the older he grew, despite his uncles' attentiveness to many of his needs (as they saw them), the more the loss was felt.

As he said in his first novel, answering one of his early girlfriend's naive questions, ‘What was it like to have no father?’ he laconically answered, ‘It made you more grown-up.

You carved the chicken.

You sat where he sat.’

And that sitting, for a Jew, was particularly meaningful: it was where the head of the household sat; responsibility was encroaching upon him, even then.

All this made his instruction in the scriptures and the explanation attached to them more dramatic; not least his studies in the sacred language which he was expected to acquire.

Leonard has admitted to a certain indifference to these studies, particularly his grasp of Hebrew with its strange characters and back-to-front writing (with which he grew up).

But it should not be taken too literally.

When needed, he displays a fine and intimate grasp of the Hebrew scriptures, and its rhythms and images (not least its parallelism — a form of free verse — the versets of the Bible) suffuses his work.

Ressentiment is a more precise word; he may well have been blaming God in these developing years for the loss he felt — for the anguish it gave not only to himself but also that witnessed by him in his mother and sister.

His early need of solitude may also suggest this; more so the story of daring to curse God in his novel, and his refusal to kiss his prayer-book when it was accidentally dropped.

Memories of the synagogue are also few, and its uplifting worship ceremonial almost completely absent.

The buildings and the scripture-readings he loved, especially its evocative music; but he was never conscious of ‘surrendering my heart to worship,’ only conscious that therein was ‘the tree of life, for all who follow the path.’

Nevertheless, advance he did, and so the time came for his Bar Mitzvah , at 13 years of age, by which every Jewish boy technically becomes adult (i.e. morally responsible for his actions), a ‘son of the law’.

Next to the circumcision ceremony, this is the most important event in a young Jewish boy's life, and invests him with a measure of maturity as well as a commensurate sense of responsibility.

It is ‘a non-obligatory’ ceremony, an unreal description to one of Leonard Cohen's background.

Specifically, it obliges the young person to wear the tefillin (the symbolic ‘boxes’ of the law worn by the orthodox) when engaged in weekday prayers; to participate in the synagogue services by being ‘called to the law’(a particular privilege and responsibility for a Cohen); to be counted as an adult in the community for the purpose of establishing a quorum by which no service (or synagogue, indeed) could be instituted.

So his Hebrew schooling thereby climaxed; his public participation galvanising him to accelerated study.

But for Leonard and his family there was special sadness at this point, for the traditional ‘prayer of release’(from responsibility for his son) by the father was necessarily absent, a pang he could recall 40 years after the occasion.

So Leonard was called by name from among the congregation, arose and ascended the steps, stepped on to the special box placed for short candidates like himself, and recited in Hebrew the traditional blessing before the reading of the Torah:

‘Praise ye the Lord to whom all praise is due.

Praised be the Lord who is to be praised for ever and ever.

Praised art Thou, O Lord our God, King of the universe, who hast chosen us from among all peoples, and hast given us Thy Torah…

Blessed art Thou, O Lord, who givest us the Torah.’

The lesson itself was then read by the rabbi or cantor; Leonard taking up the concluding part — the maftir .

Following this, he recited the blessing set to follow the reading:

‘Blessed art Thou, O Lord our God, King of the universe, who hast given us the Law of truth, and hast planted everlasting life in our midst.

Blessed art Thou, O Lord, who givest the Law.’

The family celebration, at his grandmother's house where they frequently met, was enjoyable — to a point, but the loss of his father could only be exacerbated at such a time.

His secular school-work proceeded as well as that in Hebrew school; particularly well in English literature where Leonard had an excellent and sympathetic teacher by the name of Waring, ‘A fond, kindly man,’ in Leonard's phrase.

Here he was able to indulge a growing passion for literature, but not poetry, he recollects.

That seems to have been inspired by his father's excellent library, as well as the spiritual contact with him that such studying brought.

Prized most of all was the collection of classical poetry — from John Donne to Robert Browning — which enhanced the Hebraic and Yiddish verse that had been with him from the first.

Already a boy given to solitariness and a certain economy of words, he found in poetic diction (thanks, not least to Wordsworth) the most congenial vehicle for comprehension and self-expression.

‘In the multitude of words there wants no transgression; therefore let thy words be few,’ is but one admonition regularly repeated in scripture and the sayings of the fathers.

In poetry it found  its perfect fulfilment; already, his vocation was being felt.

As he said to us 42 years later, ‘I was interested in some kind of sense, that I descended from Aaron, that I was some kind of high priest.

I was creating my own mythology.’

He re-emphasised it on another occasion: ‘I identify with this notion…

Sometimes my psychic life was touched by this inspiration…

The super-ego was very strong.’

And, indeed, he was already beginning to write some poetry.

(His mother was not a great reader.

Indeed, Leonard can only recall a volume of the Russian writer Gogol on her shelf, by which she presumably kept in touch with her own more distant — if painful — affiliations, though influencing Leonard, perhaps, unconsciously, with Gogol's sense of fantasy and comic genius — as well as his need to travel.)

Ironically, it was at this time that Ezra Pound, who had been arrested and imprisoned for treason, was examined by four prominent psychologists and judged to be insane.

It had a marked effect on those who read his poetry, and a few  years later Leonard was to find himself tutored by one of Pound's most sympathetic admirers and directed to the understanding of the American's verse, somewhat to Leonard's concern, as we shall see.

We should not, however, think that these years were those of some frustrated novice-monk (not that Judaism has such in any case!) of solitary and sober reading from dawn till nightfall.

Leonard was full-blooded, physically and temperamentally, and these teenage years saw him active in a wide range of sporting interests: cycling (one of his favourite pastimes then), skiing, swimming, canoeing, sailing and ice-hockey (in which he made the school team), boxing and wrestling, though he was very little involved in the last two.

He did not attend any professional fights nor, unlike his later friend Irving Layton, did he get much involved in fisticuffs.

There was, of course, the all-important interest in the opposite sex.

Indeed, he has commented that the only sensation that he recalls from his youth (which did not evaporate on his coming of age) was one of persistent desire.

This underlines perhaps the damage done to him by his father's death, which appears to have robbed him of the memory of many of the normal sensations.

In this regard it is interesting to hear him comment in The Favourite Game that ‘deprivation is the mother of poetry.’

The sexual feelings were there, and were overwhelming, as they are to many teenagers.

They encroached upon him very early, leading to imaginative experiences very like those wild and rumbustious scenes he describes in his first novel.

He, like many others, was to learn the truth of the Talmud that, ‘our passions are like travellers: at first they make a brief stay; then they are like guests, who visit often; and then they turn into tyrants, who hold us in their power.’

But this should not obscure from us the fact that Judaism resisted stoutly the prudery that stultified sexuality throughout the West, and always retained a high and honoured place for bodily functioning and its pleasures — as becomes indeed, a gift from God: ‘Man and woman are one body and one soul,(oneness reasserted, as ever), and it is this powerful union which it projects and enhances.

The Zohar states that ‘The pleasure of cohabitation is a religious one, giving joy to the divine presence.’

And Martin Buber (in that same tradition as Leonard's) stated that, ‘A husband is united with his wife in holiness, and the Shekhina rests over them,’— male and female and the glory of God combining at copulation!

Andrew Greeley encapsulates it well in his phrase ‘the sacrementality of human sexuality,’ to which is allied a concept we shall repeatedly discover in Leonard, of women as the ‘sacraments par excellence of God's attractive love,’to use another of Greeley's telling insights.

At a graduation ceremony from the school, on Tuesday, May 31, 1949, Leonard was chosen to offer, in Hebrew, the opening prayer (the fate of his being a Cohen!) and take part in a short presentation entitled, ‘What Is Torah?’ which went down extremely well.

The president was his own uncle, Horace Cohen OBE.

Another connection with his family's involvement was the presentation of the Lyon Cohen Memorial Medal (to Mark Bercuvitz), and the Lazarus and Fanny Cohen Memorial Medal (to Lewis Batshaw).

Leonard, one of seven graduates that year, was merely awarded the graduation certificate; a sign, he says of his half-hearted application.

for several years Leonard had attended various camps held for youngsters whose parents were able to afford to send them.

(He met Morton Rosengarten at the Hiawatha Camp.)

This year was notable in that Leonard was assessed, among other things, for his leadership potential.

The following is the counsellor's report on him, and demonstrates the 14-year-old's all-round interests and abilities:

CAMP WABI-KON: CAMPERS' REPORT NAME: Leonard Cohen.

Age: 14.

Cabin: 22.

Unit: 3.

Counsellor: Marcy Goldstein.

This report about your son's adjustment to group life in camp has been compiled by the members of our staff who have been working with Leonard.

We hope it will be of interest as well as help to you.

It is not meant as a criticism but as a frank report of how we think your child gets along at camp as an individual and as part of a group.

HEALTH: Lenny's health has been excellent all summer.

PERSONAL AND HYGIENE HABITS: He is neat and clean.

He is careful about his clothes and always appears well dressed.

PERSONALITY: Leonard is cheerful, intelligent, and pleasant to everyone.

He has a fine sense of humour, and he shows strong leadership qualities.

REACTION TO CAMP ROUTINE AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Lenny can be trusted to carry to completion any task given to him.

He follows the camp routines well, but at times he becomes disinterested and a little slow in carrying them out.

RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER CAMPERS: Lenny is the leader of the cabin and is looked up to by all members of the cabin.

He is the most popular boy in the unit and is friendly with everyone.

RELATIONSHIP TO CAMP STAFF: He is well liked by the entire staff and they enjoy his company just as he does theirs.

INTERESTS AND ABILITIES: Leonard is particularly interested in sailing and is one of the best skippers in the unit.

He participates enthusiastically in all the activities and is good in all of them.

GENERAL BEHAVIOUR: He is an excellent camper.

Lenny responds quickly to requests made of him both by campers and counsellors alike.

REMARKS AND RECOMMENDATIONS: Lenny has had an excellent summer.

He has had ample opportunity to exercise leadership, which he almost invariably directs along positive channels, and has improved in the various skills.

(August 26, 1949)

In addition to his leadership potential, it is interesting to note the particular emphasis on character and deportment: excellent self-imaging (in cleanliness and clothing); good social awareness (cheerful and pleasant, friendly to everyone); marked intelligence; a fine sense of humour; tendency to boredom (‘disinterest’); sportive, especially in sailing and skippering, but a good all-rounder; biddable.

Such objective reporting offsets his own recollections that he ‘never was a teenager,’ and recalling only sexual feelings.

(Later, he returned to one such camp to work as a counsellor himself.

‘Sunshine Camp’ was a community camp for disturbed children.

It may not have been the origin of his interest in such people but clearly played a formative part in his development.

It finds fuller expression in The Favourite Game in which he describes ‘the divine idiot’— though not to his satisfaction, as we shall see.)

Leonard was fortunate in the leaders and counsellors running the camps.

At one of them Irving Morton, an early folk-singer and left-wing agitator taught Leonard a number of songs, using The People's Song Book .

Alongside him was Alfie Melderman, an official in the union/labour movement.

They may not have  enthused him for their particular brand of political idealism, but they certainly sowed seeds of great potential musically.

For some time Leonard had been listening to the music of the day, which he shared with his mother and sister.

He also recalls his father's love of Sir Harry Lauder's songs and those of Gilbert and Sullivan — important aspects of an otherwise sombre man.

Their Jewish inheritance apart (and no serious understanding of his music interests can afford not to give this a very high place, as we shall see), was formed by such artists as Eddie Fisher, Gordon Jenkins, Vaughan Monroe, Patti Page, Dinah Shore, Frank Sinatra, Tony Bennett and Johnny Ray, who followed in the wake of the big bands.

‘Teenage music’ had not yet arrived, and what there was was essentially for adults, in the form of country and western and rhythm and blues; jazz was popular, of course, in some circles, but for the rest it was this or classical music, which Leonard also enjoyed, and waltzes.

For the opening years of the sixth decade ‘R&B was King’— thanks, not least, to the popularity it had enjoyed among the troops.

This soon gave rise to such names as Hank Ballard And The Midnighters, Georgie Gibbs, The Clovers, Ruth Brown, Joe Hill and, not least, Leonard's idol of many years, Ray Charles.

Leonard himself was enthused to make his own music, an inspiration which developed from being induced to learn the piano as a young boy with Miss McDougall, in which he said that neither he nor his sister made any headway.

He had, however, a natural ability with a penny-whistle, of which he had a great number, one of which he always carried in his pocket.

Much as poetry was becoming a part of him, his most natural form of self-expression, and the one that reached him first, was music; side-by-side they were to advance with him throughout his developing days and early professional life.

One of his particular enjoyments at camp was the log-fire singing, whose ebullience and rhythms remain with him even today, many of them drawn from The People's Song Book .

By this time the guitar had made its popular impact, and in just five  years time it would be considered virtually the instrument of musical expression.

On one of his walks through Murray Park (now King George VI Park) he encountered a young Hispanic who was playing the guitar to himself.

Leonard talked him into giving him a lesson.

It went well, as did the second and the third lessons.

Leonard quickly and enthusiastically learned the rudiments of the instrument, those first chords basic to its mastery.

On the appointed time for his fourth, however, his young instructor failed to turn up.

More concerned that this reflected on his own abilities than his tutor's zest, Leonard telephoned his residence at Bowdy House, in the poorer district of Montreal.

To his horror he found that the young boy had hanged  himself in a moment of despair.

For the second time in his life the icy fingers of death pierced his innermost self.

Life was teaching him its grim realities — the hard and close way.

Yet there were bright moments, and the overall feelings in his life were those of contentment and growing confidence.

One of these showed itself in his prowess as a teenage hypnotist.

‘I could get anyone under the spell,’ he says, adding that he had hypnotised their maid (as Breavman had in The Favourite Game ) and feared that he had driven her insane by it!

Another was that he had been elected to the Students' Council at his school, Westmount High, and to its Board of Publishers.

His literary prowess was now enforcing itself upon him with the urgency of a destiny, as with all true writers, ‘born, not made’.

It had been given particular poetic stimulation a few months earlier when, at 15, and musing in a second-hand bookshop in the city, he had come across a book of poetry by the Spanish poet, Federico Garçia Lorca, a book he has carried with him ever since, as Manzano records.

Leonard was to say later, ‘Lorca ruined my life!’

The part which caught his eye so dramatically that day was in the Spaniard's great work ‘Divan del Tamarit’(1936, quoted from The Selected Poems of Federico Garçia Lorca , Ed.

Francisco Garcia Lorca, New Directions publishing Corporation, pp 169):

Through the arch of Elvira (the wife of Don Juan)

I'm going to see you pass,

to feel your thighs

and begin weeping.

Brought up, as Leonard was, to admire the Romantics and their charming, reliable, amiable world-view, their delight in nature, not least man's own nature which had an organic relationship with the world by which sensibility and feeling — frequently emphasised as a pleasure-principle, paved the way for his being catapulted into the ‘surreal’ world of the Spanish writer.

Not that we should over-emphasise Lorca's surrealism.

He was as Romantic as any man of his time, and more so than most; one ideally suited to Leonard's own deeply Romantic (and romantic) strains — imagists both, rather than surrealists.

If the hallmark of the Romantics was ‘imagination’, that of the Imagists was ‘verbal concentration generating energy’; they shared both, and were to demonstrate both tirelessly.

Lorca's attempts at surrealism issued in response to his friend Salvador Dali's savage criticisms of his lack of modernity in his Gypsy Ballads (’ Bound hand and feet to the old poetry,’as Dali commented).

They never quite came off.

They merited John Ash's epithet ‘old-fashioned modernism,’ and most of all Jaim Manrique's judgement, that the secret of Lorca's appeal  is nostalgia : ‘His art does not deepen as we grow older!’he said, another trait the Canadian shared with the Spaniard.

His brother, Francisco Garçia Lorca, has very finely defined the canciones , one of the most notable poetic forms used by Lorca, as a lyric in which: the poet checks his first flights in order to achieve greater purification…

The atmosphere of transcendental romantic sensibility gives way to fleeting states of mind, momentary sensations, or a disinterested humour, often imbued with a note of elegiac melancholy.

Moreover, Lorca influenced Leonard's world-view too; his ‘transcendental and far-reaching’ ideas about life touched him: ‘Lorca changed my way of being and thinking radically,’he told a Spanish journalist.

‘His books taught me that poetry can be pure and profound, and at the same time popular.’

This emphasis on people — the populace — has the ring of truth about it.

It was part of ‘the patrician Jew's’ mental furniture (without compromising his special status, to be sure).

It has an immensely old lineage, not merely in Alcuin's famous vox populi, vox dei (‘the voice of the people is the voice of God’), but in Jewish societal awareness going back beyond Moses to Hammurabi.

It touched Lorca to the point that he reduced his poetry to a secondary status, concentrating on theatrical communication as a better means of getting his message over.

(He even ran a government-sponsored travelling company, serving mainly the peasants in outlying areas.)

We shall see Leonard likewise being ‘diverted’ from pure poetic concentration in order to achieve maximum hearing.

Another aspect may well be Lorca's rejection of industrialisation — a Romantic hangover, no doubt!— which appears in Leonard's oscillation in his late teens between commerce and art.

Yet another is Lorca's love of the city, a curious contradiction of his anti-industrialism, which only comes out explicitly in Leonard's devotion to Montreal, though he soon became snared by New York, London, Paris, Athens and Los Angeles, to name but a few of his favourite cities.

All this is of great significance for exploring Leonard's characteristics, for what was natural to Leonard's incipient viewpoint and versification now found stimulating and corroborative encouragement.

The fact that Leonard was influenced so deeply by Divan del Tamarir is very suggestive, for it is one of the types of poems known as gacela (the other is casida ), a short-rhymed fixed verse-form in Arabic poetry.

It naturally shares much with its literary cousin, Hebrew poetry, on which Leonard had been raised from his earliest days.

Another aspect, quite apart from this shared verse-form and linguistic usage, is the natural hyperbole endemic to it, which is but a step away from the ‘surrealist’ usage of language that Lorca essayed.

Further, his Catholicism also deeply influenced, if subconsciously, Leonard's own awareness of it in  Catholic Montreal.

As he said of it much later, ‘We who belong to the city have never left the Church.

The Jews are in The Church as they are in the snow…

Every style in Montreal is the style of The Church…’

Further, Lorca, a gifted painter and pianist, had little time for the academic qua academe .

Although educated at the universities of Granada and Madrid, he distrusted purely intellectual emphases, and poured scorn on the idea of the Muses — albeit the most lovable and influential of creatures!

Lorca stood for something else — for life and the day-today dynamic of men and women.

He had returned from a sojourn in New York to aid his oppressed people in the Spanish civil war, in which he lost his life just over one year after Leonard was born.

(Others have said that his death was due to his homosexuality.

Interestingly, Lorca was much more influenced by Walt Whitman, also a homosexual, than T.S.

Eliot, though he knew The Waste Land well.)

In seeking to grasp this dynamic, and portray it, he had become enthused with the duende , the spirit unleashed by the flamenco — music and dance — which he believed to be the dynamic of true art and artistic expression: ‘Repel the angel, kick out the muse,’, he was wont to exclaim; arguing that artists must work ‘from the gut,’ with the conviction and intensity that the expression exudes; allowing the life-force it releases to flow — torrentially, vividly, dramatically; as in the flamenco itself.

It was precisely this spirit-this agitation against the staid and the genteel — which Leonard had perceived in the guitar-playing of his late youthful instructor, whose demise had the intensity of surreal life.

It was to hound and hasten Leonard's waking thoughts, eliminate any residual interest he may have possessed in mere intellectual commitment, and open to him the stark reality of life downtown.

from now on he was an enthusiastic convert; a propagandist, indeed.

WORD AS DISCOVERY

Poetry is images wrapped up in rhythm.

Sir Stephen Spender

The poem is the place where occasions are exhausted, where opportunities are used up.

Richard Howard

‘I didn't kill myself when things went wrong

I didn't turn

to drugs or teaching

I tried to sleep

but when I couldn't sleep

I learned to write

I learned to write

what might be read

on nights like this

by one like me.’

Leonard Cohen   

The Emergence of a Poet

September 21, 1951 was a propitious day in Leonard's life.

It was his 17th birthday, when family affection towards him was especially warm and confident and feelings of young manhood were rife.

It was also registration day at McGill University, which marked a particular and new phase in his early life — in one sense, a new independence.

So it was that a bold, if boyish, hand completed the form; but not over carefully!

He omitted, as he was wont to do, his middle name, Norman; he put the present year down for his date of birth, not 1934; and instead of entering ‘Canadian’ for his parents' and his own nationality, he entered ‘Jewish’.

(This was done by those Jews who wished to make a Zionistic point, but it was not so shared by Leonard or his family.)

Other aspects of his answers are equally interesting: he admits to not having won any prizes or scholarships, having apparently settled for doing what was required — that, and no more!

He mentions his presidency of the Student Council, and his chairmanship of ‘Student Productions’; as well as an interest in debating ‘current events’.

He declined to add anything in the column for ‘Other personal information’.

He also gave his mother's new name, as she had recently remarried.

(To both Leonard's and his mother's regret, sadly; another of those alienating-reconciling events which seem to have been characteristic of this family.)

As named relatives or friends, he listed his ever-caring grandmother, Mrs Lyon Cohen, resident at the prestigious Haddon Hall, on Sherbrooke Street, and his uncles Norman Friedman and Horace Cohen.

Thus completed, he signed the form ‘accepting and submitting himself to the statutes, rules, regulations and ordinances of McGill University and of the Faculty or Faculties in which I am registered, and to any amendments thereto which may be made while I am a student of the university and I promise to observe the same.’

It was a momentous step for him in the awesome institution, which had received its Royal Charter from George IV exactly 130 years previously, thus antedating the federation.

The land, formerly the Burnside place estate, and a monetary gift of £10,000, had been bequeathed to the city by one James McGill, a fur-trader and noted merchant.

It took a further eight years before classes got under way, and then only in medicine, and it was not till well into the 1850s that it became really established.

It prospered and expanded under the principalship of Sir William Dawson; by the time he had completed 38 years as Principal (1855–1893) the student body had risen from 100 to over 1000, and Dawson had had the satisfaction of seeing great strides made in both the building programme and the various curricula — not least in his own scientific fields.

As well as academic achievements, McGill was noted for originating two major sports: ice hockey, in 1875, largely from the rules written by J.G.A. Creighton; and a species of rugby which was played by the citizens and soldiers (for Montreal had remained a garrison town) as well as the students.

A McGill team introduced it to Harvard University in 1874, which marked the formal birth of ‘football’.

Montrealers are not inclined to overlook their influence on Harvard!

To this broadly-based academic institute — arts and science; intellectual and physical prowess — Leonard now set his hand.

His entrance examination, three months earlier, had shown a student of above-average ability, whose overall marks averaged 74.1 per cent, tantamount to a Second Class Honours, called Distinction at McGill.

Curiously, his lowest mark was in English Literature (a mere 57 per cent), though in Composition he achieved 69 per cent .

His performance was better in French, where he obtained 71 per cent and 75 per cent in the grammatical and oral examinations respectively.

Physics realised 67 per cent; History a promising 77 per cent ; and Mathematics was strongest of all, with an average of 77 per cent over three subjects: algebra I and II at 72 per cent and 80 per cent , geometry at 86 per cent and trigonometry at 70 per cent ;(he admitted to us that he had opted for the latter at school, because it enabled him to evade Latin!).

In Chemistry he obtained a splendid 84 per cent.

Had vocation advisors been around they would doubtless have recommended a commercial future on the scientific side.

Certainly he came under such guidance from within his family which clashed with his own predilections, for his varsity life seems to have been plagued by vocational uncertainty and more than a touch of its weakening indifference.

At any rate, they are the best marks that were to appear on his performance schedule over the next four years, when his average ran at 56.4 per cent.

In his own beloved English, it was always higher, averaging 71.3 per cent in the three years he offered the  subject; French, which was only offered in his first year produced a convincing 75 per cent; and Economics, offered in two years, 62 per cent .

Philosophy, at 70 per cent, was significant; but he barely squeezed by in Latin, taking a refusal at his second attempt and attaining a mere ‘pass’ at the repeat stage (thanks, no doubt , to his past opting out, which necessitated his taking Latin from scratch at university).

Zoology, the joker in his pack, offered in his final year, also achieved 62 per cent.

Perhaps the choice was his way of declaring his consuming interest in life , not learning, which was becoming an obsession.

Readers of The Favourite Game will remember Breavman dissecting a frog, which arose out of such early experiences; they will also remember his tearing up an economics textbook outside a bank on Sherbrooke Street — another reaction to the struggles and disinterest he later recalled.

The choices he made, and the way his achievements oscillated, show a decided lack of conviction, or perhaps of direction, in his thinking.

That the ability was there is beyond question.

And his third year First Class results (known at McGill as ‘Great Distinction’) in English demonstrate where his heart truly lay, as did his obtaining the coveted Chester Macnaughton Prize for ‘Creative Writing’ in 1955; as well as the Peterson Memorial Prize in literature.

He recalled that Ian Duthie, a graduate of Edinburgh University, -was one of his tutors in ‘English 101’(a compulsory subject), who provided interesting connections with his father's accent and the general Scottishness of Westmount.

Behind the indecision lay a youth torn in one direction by the family business, not least perhaps his father's shadow hanging over him; and the preferences of his mind and ever prolific imagination in the other.

Accordingly, he read arts in his first year; commerce (which included accounting, commercial law, political science and a couple of doses of mathematics) in his second; arts (though strangely retaining political science) for his third and fourth years, to which was added zoology.

The choices are both a reflection of his inner confusion, and a statement of his determination to let his curiosity run wherever it would -and that long before ‘mixed’ courses were popular.

The results confirm that he could have done very much better, but his mind was partly elsewhere, ever active, ever engaged, ever busy.

But not in his set books!

Still less at lectures which, Rosengarten recalled they avoided on a regular basis.

He was not single-minded in the manner preferred by academe ; scholarship per se was not going to be his métier.

In fact, if truth be told, he despised the breed.

His attitude reminds one of Southey's dictum, ‘Your true lover of literature is never fastidious.’

There is a point here of immense importance for the understanding of Leonard which he shares with Layton (who preferred to be regarded as a poet-prophet in the Hebrew tradition).

It lay along the  lines of Layton's understanding of the poetic function ‘which exists somewhere between fact and imagination,’ as Eli Mandel said of him.

Not pure fact, not meretricious research, which observes and ‘tames’ the insightful-prophetic thrust; not ‘mere’imagination or mental excitement — but the fruitful intercourse between the two, in an artistic equilibrium.

Leonard could be fastidious to the nth degree in completing his own work — he has always said that he works ‘one word at a time,’ and can spend months, even years, in adding finesse to it; he is nevertheless dismissive of anything approaching scholarly exactitude, still more so pedantry.

It is not clear where this comes from.

There is certainly an element which highly values the proprieties of artistic freedom: a work of art must be a work of free spirit, untrammelled by rules and regulations, wherein absolute consistency — or conformity of any sort — is out of place.

But there also seems to be a more personal element, too.

In The Favourite Game he turns on those who produce such work in a wholly negative way.

Of Breavman (his alter ego) he states, ‘He didn't know why he hated the careful diagrams and coloured plates.

We do.

It was to scorn the world of detail, information, precision, all the false knowledge which cannot intrude on decay.’

Whether this is the result of oppressive criticism by his school-teachers or family, or whether it comes from a reaction to the finer-than-fine scholarship visible in some branches of Judaism (which counts letters and finds significance in the smallest linguistic minutiae), is not certain.

But it is there, and grew with the passage of time.

(The ‘on decay’ aspect is significant, encapsulating a cynical view of life, not least in the shattered security resulting from his father's death.)

Nevertheless, he did not go to university unwillingly.

He was keen for success and learning on his own terms, and to that he now set his face.

Two names in the English department stood out especially: Professors Hugh MacLennan and Louis Dudek.

The former was known, albeit chiefly in Canada, as a novelist of distinction, whose The Two Solitudes won for its author fame and comment throughout the land.

It is a brilliant, evocative and inspiring story of the clash of the two founding cultures of modern Canada — the two solitudes — and was to have a telling significance educationally and politically.

(When Leonard came to write his second novel, he paid MacLennan the finest compliment of all — and the riskiest — by imitating his theme, as we shall see.)

Professor Dudek's name was familiar to Leonard beyond the academic sphere, in the (to him) much more important and fascinating area of poetry, in which Leonard was now inextricably enmeshed.

Determined to follow his own star, he was drawn to his classes in Canadian Literature (which Dudek did hand-in-hand with MacLennan); and the Great Writers of Europe (from 1850 till the present); as well as Poetry of the 20th Century (in particular that of W.B. Yeats, T.S.

Eliot, Robert Frost, Ezra Pound, W.H. Auden and Dylan Thomas).

He also took courses in Continental, European and American Drama (from Ibsen to the present day); and English Prose from Francis Bacon to the Present (which included both fiction and non-fiction).

He brought these to a fitting conclusion by doing the Advanced Course in Creative Writing, which was open only to students selected on merit.

Significantly, Leonard did not enter for the ‘Art Of Poetry’ course, a study of its forms and techniques under Professor Dudek.

That for a practising poet, as Leonard had now become, was unnecessary!

The period between 1939 to 1949 has been called the most productive and significant period in Canadian letters to date, which matches the ‘10 Lost Years’ of the post-Depression period exactly.

Leonard was fortunate to come to it when he did, for he was able to enter into the fruits and the confidence born of it, as well as classical English literature.

If, under Hugh MacLennan, he was able to form his judgment and turn his phrases under the eye of a skilful novelist, in Louis Dudek's adroit hands he was able to fashion and test his poetic acumen to the full; both were to be of absorbing interest to him.

Moreover, Dudek's scholarship was of a more penetrating kind than anything under which Leonard had yet sat, or was to sit, as became that of a Doctor of Letters from Columbia University.

He was a highly reputable and incisive critic of art and culture as well as literature; a bilinguist of note, and — more important than all those!— a poet of rare accomplishment; a poet's poet.

He was also a disciple of Ezra Pound, more (one suspects) because Pound was ‘the most controversial, dynamic and stimulating figure in modern literature,’ than for personal rapport between the two men.

Pound was a bohemian figure, despite his Quaker origins, who espoused an anti-credit economic philosophy which thrust him into anti-Semitism.

Leonard found this hard to stomach, and frequently expressed himself vehemently against his professor's defences of the founder of Imagism (which advocated free rhythm as well as concreteness of expression in poetry); and against his disdainful, if teasing, comments of those who came from Westmount.

Nevertheless, Leonard was to learn much from the Pennsylvanian, who helped to inspire his interest in Eastern thought, not least through his translations of the Chinese poet Li Po.

‘I love Pound,’ Leonard said to us late one afternoon.

‘There are still lines that resound in my mind.

You cannot overlook his craft.

But he is hard to understand!’

The reading-list to which Leonard's mind was directed was broad and enticing.

It is worth looking at, for from it sprang his fund of knowledge along with the all-important Jewish scriptures and his family's experiences with them in eastern Europe.

The formidable  recommended reading-list adds a proviso: ‘There is no list of minimum readings.

You are responsible for a field.

This list and its two supplements, far from setting limits, offers suggestions.’

Here is that list printed as given.

Scant consideration was given to getting the authors' names or initials, or even their book titles, correct!):

This is a formidable range, containing no less than 143 titled works; the poems, stories, prefaces and essays of 29 authors; and 41 works of criticism or related literature.

Moreover, in his third year, in which he read modern, European and American drama, there were a further 44 works from 20 authors not included in the above list; some in French!

Omitting his radical change of direction (i.e. of subject) in his second year, it represents a demand of surrealist proportions, especially when one considers that alongside these he was reading French, Latin, Mathematics, Philosophy and History.

His task, one of unending and heady excitement, was now well and truly under way!

Little wonder that he sometimes gave the impression of inattentiveness in class; he was inebriated in a world of letters, engulfed by an avalanche of ideas and images, forms and metres, essays and critiques: a fast-changing, provocative kaleidoscope which took his already well-stocked and fertile mind to fresh heights.

Paradise it was not; but at least it resembled something like its antechamber.

He plunged himself into all this and more, avidly reading everything that came his way; especially poetry, and not least Spanish, Chinese and Japanese poets in translation, but chiefly that of Federico Garçia Lorca and W.B. Yeats, of whom he mused, ‘I loved Yeats; his connections (such an important code-word with Leonard!) his rhythms.’

A single prose piece, written early in his course, has survived the fates of time.

It represents one of his assignations.

More importantly, it reflects his laconic style, and what was going on under the surface:

X died last Sunday.

The event had absolutely no emotional or intellectual effect on me.

In fact I don't give a damn.

Neither do you.

Neither do the 30 odd thousand people who read the Gazette on March 11.

His family probably cares (no one to support them) but very few others.

Here was a fellow human, Canadian, and Montrealer who went to the same movies and read the same papers as you or I. 1.)

He rode beside you in the street car and complained about the traffic and the weather with you.

The eyes of his beloved wife, are tear-reddened (sic) and she has come to the awful realisation of a gap in her waning life which will never be filled.

She had always sworn to herself that she would never impose on her daughter's marriage 2.) but she knows now that she cannot possibly decline an invitation to spend the rest of her days at her son-in-law's house.

It sounds like a soap opera but so does any tragedy (!) that happens to real people.

Death is a tragedy (!) and whether it strikes at an eight-year-old  youngster 3.) or a senile old man, a scar is always left on one 4.) of the survivors — a scar that does not heal quickly.

We still don't give a damn that X died last Sunday.

I listen to the World Federalists and the Communists talk about One World and The Brotherhood of Man and how much they are doing to bring them about.

They uphold the feasibility (!) of two billion people, diverse in language, colour, nationality and religion, living together in harmony.

And yet, none of them, who have so much in common with X, who have so much regard for their fellow man, was at the funeral this afternoon.

Neither was I.

It is curious that he should select such a subject for his essay, drawn from a newspaper announcement of a man's death.

We also have the comments of his tutor, Ian Duthie, on the piece, which shows that he found it curious, too.

Across the top he has written, ‘This verges on being in poor taste, but makes a twist and escapes.’

He drew attention to the three spelling mistakes Leonard manages to include in so short a piece, marked by (!), and at the points we enumerate offers the following marginal comments: 1.)

‘Be concrete’.

2.)

No ‘comment’ here actually.

Merely a questioning underline, presumably to emphasise the looseness of the phrase.

3.)

‘Boy’ is suggested in place of‘youngster’.

4.)

‘Why necessarily one?’

Why this preoccupation with death (if such a word is allowable on the evidence of but one piece)?

There must have been several dozen possible suggestions for an essay from that paper — political, industrial, military (the Korean war was still ongoing), in sport or arts, etc. etc.

He chooses death and bereavement!

On which he makes two statements: first, that we are unmoved by it; second, that it is a tragedy, especially to the eight-year-old son.

(Where did he get that information from?)

But the second is surely contradicted by the first; especially if one adds to it the sympathetic view he evinces of the widow's plight.

It is difficult to avoid the feeling that this, one of his first university essays, is purely subjective.

He is that eight-year-old boy.

He knows how it feels to lose a father at a tender age.

Moreover, ‘a scar is always left on one of the survivors.’

The others, to his way of thinking, got away more lightly.

He suffers still, even if the widow's life is said to be ‘waning’, her eyes ‘tear-reddened’, her freedom blighted — along with her happiness.

The daughter, apparently, had no feelings; she did not come into the picture, as elder sisters frequently do not.

The real situation was between the widow and the youngster who was effectively older than a boy, in feeling and reaction at least.

It was ‘a scar that does not heal  quickly.’

He knows; his own — now of eight or nine years, was still fresh, still hurting.

The piece is essentially about that.

It proclaims that he does care.

Moreover, he is angry that the rest of us — including the so-called caring brotherhood of World Federalists and Communists — do not.

He was not there, at X's funeral.

But could he have been?

Would it not have been too painful, not least having to watch another youngster take his first steps into the fatherless state?

X died in March, but it was close enough for the connection that Eliot wrote of in The Waste Land :

April is the cruelest month, breeding

Lilacs out of the dead land, mixing

Memory and desire, stirring

Dull roots with spring rain.

Things were stirring, all right, at his roots not least.

Stirring at these roots in a different way was his friend of eight or nine years, Morton Rosengarten.

One year older than Leonard, he went through the varying experiences of adolescence with him, sharing not least Leonard's musical interest (Morton played both the banjo and the trombone), as well as a variety of pastimes and a healthy interest in the fairer sex.

Unlike Leonard, he had very little interest in the synagogue and broke from its traditions much more decisively, finding Leonard's continuance somewhat irritating.

(‘Krantz’ is modelled on Rosengarten in The Favourite Game , though highly fictionalised.)

He was always impressed with Leonard's room, which he found to resemble more a study than a youth's bedroom — already the style was evident.

In particular he remembers the very smart set of poetry classics, and noted his friend's compulsive reading of them.

Indifferent student Leonard might have been formally, he was nevertheless already showing those precocious marks of the littérateur , ‘always an ideas man,’ as Rosengarten commented.

Leonard also had a little room in the basement in which a piano was kept, where they spent much time together.

But he had become ‘addicted’ to the guitar, which drove Morton ‘crazy’— for it went everywhere with them, and was played incessantly.

Neither of them had pure academic interests.

At school they shared truancy escapades, which developed a more interesting potential once they had matriculated.

Rosengarten's forte lay in the fine arts, painting and sculpture in particular, to which he committed himself at McGill ahead of Leonard.

Part of his spare time was taken up with the marching band of the university, but much of it was given to boisterous evenings drinking and singing with his companion — always with a view to winning the girls' eyes and hearts.

Some of these escapades upset Mrs Cohen, who was given to ‘flying off the handle,’ in Rosengarten's phrase.

And she would stay  off it for days on end.

Young as he was, he could see the conflict she evidenced as an ‘off-the-boat Russian’ with the rest of Leonard's ‘classy’family.

Their adventures made life no easier for her.

But Leonard himself was smitten, he says, by his family's past, by its name and meaning.

He used to drive his cousins ‘crazy’ with its ‘mythology’.

Like his mother, Leonard was even then subject to alternating highs and lows, which added spice to their friendship.

Morton saw that Leonard and Mrs Cohen were very close, and nothing emphasised this more than her willingness to take them and their friends out for meals, especially to a favourite Greek restaurant where she would be the life of the party, not least in singing, and encouraged by good wine which the restaurateur would ply them with in order to get the mood of the evening going.

At other times she would refuse to let Rosengarten in the house, especially if Leonard had had a late night out.

And woe betide both of them if Leonard failed to phone her if he decided to stay out and thereby wasted the food!

These were the high days of ‘square-dancing’.

Chief of the musicians in that genre were Burl Ives and The Weavers.

In ‘Goodnight Irene’, the latter had an outstanding hit, a key point in the development from traditional folk to modern in 1950.

The musicians' ability to involve their listeners — they worked mainly in sub-concert settings (campuses, churches, libraries and union halls) matched their left-wing accents, a major aspect of the peoples' song movement.

(Their Peoples' Song Books were released in two volumes.

They even published pamphlets of a political nature.)

Many of the songs, perforce, had to deal with injustice and exploitation, and it was their effective and social melancholia that inspired Rosengarten and Leonard.

They still have good memories of The Weavers playing together in concert — before Pete Seeger quit in the wake of Decca's dropping them for their politicking — a symptom of McCarthyism, then gathering pace.

Happily, they were contracted by Folkways Records, with which Leonard himself became involved later.

But perhaps the biggest thing in popular music took place in 1948 when the LP was introduced; an innovation of immense importance for the industry and public alike, and not least for Leonard who set about acquiring an enviable collection.

Rosengarten was at McGill for Leonard's first two years or so, and they ran the Fraternity together.

There is an ‘élitist thread’ in such places, and joining was by oligarchic selection and specific invitation, followed by a suitably off-beat initiation.

Their natural rebelliousness achieved its heights now, not least in their violation of the traditional rules, their attempts to undermine the institution by radical policies, their attempts to breach the system.

They invited people whose backgrounds were very different to join this ‘high class Jewish  fraternity,’ and tried to run it as a continuous party.

They even instituted a rule of drinking in front of the Fraternity House, for which Leonard was impeached!

And he conducted its meetings to the sound of his guitar, singing to his fellow-students suitable — and unsuitable!— songs and ditties.

(One of them was ‘Sunshine 1950 Will Be Nifty’; another was ‘Racing With The Moon’.)

Once a girl was smuggled into the proceedings in her boyfriend's overcoat.

Removing the coat revealed her to be completely naked, which finally put the cat among the pigeons: they were banished!

All this coincided with the start of the coffee-shop movement, and many opened in Montreal.

The Café André was one such place, near to the Students' Union building.

They called it The Shrine — even then secular sanctity was in vogue!

It was situated in an old house, a three-storey building which the students and others had the run of, more or less.

One of its rooms was given over to chess-playing, a pastime enjoyed by Rosengarten and Leonard.

After the second or third week of starting his course, Leonard asked to speak to Professor Dudek, and showed him some of his own poetry.

He was aware that the professor was deeply involved in the burgeoning poetry movement of Canada, chiefly in the form of ‘the little books and magazines’ which were in the van of the movement.

Dudek was surprised at the request; it was not a course designed to deal with such matters.

He consented to talk and to look at Leonard's work.

It moved him not at all.

It was merely interesting, somewhat pedestrian; not a promising start.

Two weeks later the same thing happened.

Dudek flicked over the pages, found them to be a little better, but still somewhat hum-drum.

Then his eye chanced on a sheet headed ‘The Sparrows’.

The first lines gripped him; as did the next verse; and then the whole poem.

This was the real thing!

This was poetry !

A discovery had been made.

By this time they had left the classroom and were walking down one of the long, high-ceilinged corridors of the Faculty building.

‘Kneel down,’ commanded the professor.

Startled, his young student did so.

Using his rolled-up manuscript, Dudek dubbed Leonard.

‘Arise,’ he commanded.

‘You are a poet.

I have knighted you.

Now you are one of us.’

There was no turning-back after such an experience.

The poet was commissioned.

Here is what Leonard wrote, which set the shape of his life (later published in Let Us Compare Mythologies , pp 26):

The Sparrows

‘Catching winter in their carved nostrils the traitor birds have deserted us, leaving only the dullest brown sparrows for spring negotiations.

I told you we were fools

to have them in our games,

but you replied:

They are only wind-up birds

who strut on scarlet feet

so hopelessly far

from our curled fingers.

I had moved to warn you,

but you only adjusted your hair

and ventured:

Their wings are made of glass and gold and we are fortunate

not to hear them splintering

against the sun.

Now the hollow nests

sit like tumors or petrified blossoms between the wire branches

and you, an innocent scientist,

question me on these brown sparrows:

whether we should plant our yards with breadcrumbs

or mark them with the black, persistent crows

whom we hate and stone.

But what shall I tell you of migrations?

When in this empty say

the precise ghosts of departed summer birds

still trace old signs;

or of desperate flights?

when the dimmest flutter of a coloured wing

excites all our favourite streets

to delight the imaginary spring.

Another influence — arguably of even greater influence — burst upon him at this time, in the form of Irving Layton, the enfant terrible of Canadian poetry then a local school-teacher, who was invited to participate in a poetry workshop on the campus, and did so with great élan.

In those early days Layton had much in common with Dudek, not least their ability to poke fun at the richer districts of Montreal Jewry — including Westmount, which greatly irritated Leonard.

Ironically, they both live there now; and Leonard does not, having opted for their former, downtown, districts!

Leonard was aware of Layton before this, of course.

He had published his first book of poetry,Here And Now , in 1946; his second,Now Is The Place , in 1948 — shortly before Leonard chanced on Lorca's poetry.

Leonard had even met him briefly in 1949, but this meeting at McGill was the one which quickly developed into a strong and mutual respect, a lifelong friendship.

Irving Layton is not one to be lost in a crowd.

Though short, he stands head and shoulders above most.

He is one of those characters whose personality is somehow several sizes too large.

He comes across in large, energetic, engulfing, captivating waves, at once friendly and disturbing.

Poetry in motion.

And what poetry!

It is larger than life, more real than truth, dramatic and daring, perceptive and flowing, and, significantly, full of paradox and ambiguity.

Above all — like the duende itself — he works ‘from the gut’ and to the gut.

Perhaps more than any other man in Canada, he has put poetry on the map — at the centre, indeed; and fought and argued and worked demoniacally to preserve it there.

His poetry — there are now 50 books of it, no less — comes in all shapes and sizes, all colours and sounds, except the muted.

Leonard later wrote of him:

…you finally came in,

more furious than any Canadian poet…

He has been so occupied since before his first book was published; in season and out of season, through thick and thin, and always with the certitude that his views, his perceptions, would prevail: a catalyst and an agitator of the first order.

Born in Romania (and thus sharing part of Leonard's eastern European background), transferred by his parents to Canada in the harsh years of the early century, he represents, perhaps more than any other, not the genteel ‘English’ background common to many of his fellow-workers, but a rough, raw Canadian view that is intensely patriotic, proletarian, passionate and pure.

If some (such as F.R. Scott, A.M. Klein or P.K. Page) represent the priestly caste, Layton represents the prophetic — in language and manner, in word and symbol.

And as with all true prophets, he respects no man, nor spares any.

One of Layton's traits, as Leonard was at pains to emphasise, was to distinguish between priest and prophet; and Layton is not slow to emphasise the historic conflict between both offices.

In poetry, as in life, Layton is held captive to his own Muse, no subject being too sacred nor too delicate especially the previously ‘taboo’ ones of violence, cruelty, politics and sex.

All have been exposed to his scarifying eye and his audacious judgments; he has projected on all his volatile wit and a searching wisdom.

He is totally dedicated to his calling, his art, and spares no expense to fulfil it.

He is merciless to other poets whom he considers to have sold the pass:

Since Auden set the fashion

Our poets grow tame;

They are quite without passion,

They live without blame.

Indeed, he is at his most virulent when attacking his fellow-poets, so caught up is he in the seriousness of the poetic task.

If Soren Kierkegaard vitiated the easy-going philosophical idealism of his day with his heavily personalised challenges to it; if von Rochau brought in the concept of Realpolitik to Bismarck's Germany; and if Karl Barth ushered in ‘Crisis Theology’ in Switzerland; it is at least arguable that Irving Layton fathered ‘Crisis Poetry’in Canada: poetry that demanded a decision, a response; that cut through the emollient patter and posed a rough demand on the reader or hearer.

In order to get that response he was prepared to dispense with the niceties of convention and the formulae of polite language: ‘from the gut, to the gut.’

It was exactly what Leonard expected of a poet, and he and Layton have remained firm friends ever since.

(Moreover, he was, like Lorca, another ‘L’— and that could not be merely coincidental!)

Indeed, the relationship has been more than mere friendship, but one of familial depth.

Leonard has described his youth as being ‘free from adult figures,’ but Layton overturned that.

Here was not an authority-figure, of school or university or civic discipline; still less a relation who could ‘pull rank’ by virtue of family influence or purse string manipulation.

He was a man, a friend, a fellow-rebel, a poet , with whom one could simply be oneself; and write knowing that it was understood, respected.

A father-figure in the deepest sense of the word.

Significantly, when Esther, Leonard's sister, introduced Jennifer Warnes to him, she commented that Layton had been ‘like a father to Leonard.’

There was much truth in it, despite their respect for each other 's freedom and independence.

There are major differences of personality and style, as well as background, but these complement each other rather than antagonise.

Layton appreciates in Leonard the patrician Jew aspects that he finds so ridiculous in others; Leonard, the anti-establishment (and anti-everything else!) that he finds in the older man.

Layton described the four things which stand out in Leonard, which give him the confidence to work as he does, and promote his work: The strong tradition of learning; the business entrepreneurship of his family; the broad philanthropy/charity which hall-marked it; and, lastly, the self-awareness that comes from being a Cohen — not understood as class-distinction, but from the high symbolism of ‘the priest and his role.’

This latter is particularly interesting.

It was raised by Dudek in somewhat different form when he said that Leonard ‘always had an image of himself as a rabbi.’

We are talking of two very perceptive men — whose métier is perception; and their recollection of Leonard at this young age, his late teenage years.

Layton put it somewhat differently when he added that ‘the two great qualities a young writer has are his arrogance and inexperience,’ and on another occasion he picked out the twin characteristics of ‘precocity and  independence.’

Leonard was never arrogant, but he was — as Pierre Berton once remarked on Canadian television, ‘a very confident young man.’

By the time they met, Leonard was indeed pushing hard at the doors of his own individuality — in one sense he had been doing that for years.

But university life, not least his ability to rent a flat with Morton Rosengarten in Lower Stanley Street (for some time unbeknown to his mother), now allowed him to do this actually.

(When she was told, she was surprisingly sympathetic, and tolerant of this need for independence.

‘Just follow your little heart,’ she commented; as she ever did in matters of important self-expression.)

Irving Layton was exactly the sort of man to further that: enthusiastic and bold, erudite and observant, worldly and street-wise, compassionate and cavalier; he could throw all caution to the wind and sing and drink and dance the night away.

Not merely poetry in motion, but surrealist poetry!

As with the Hebrew prophets, there were no greys, no subtle shades.

Though he is meticulous in his choice of words and turns of phrase; his attitude, his demands, are for black and white: take it or leave it; but at least recognise that you have been offered it.

SELF HOOD, POETRY AND MUSIC

In the year in which they met, 1954, Layton had two books of poetry published — he does nothing by halves!— and Leonard was clearly dazzled by the man's prolific genius.

When it mattered, Leonard was a learner; he could sit at a man's feet and absorb completely.

In Layton he saw the splendour, and the viability, of the poetic destiny.

A life in art began to make real sense.

Unlike his rabbinic forebears who were not allowed ‘to use the Torah as an axe,’ to earn their keep from its knowledge and application, this was a métier which both claimed him and offered a fulfilling vocation.

His questions flared fast and furious.

As Layton emphasised, theirs was the Jewish tradition of the Lehrer : the teacher/learner relationship.

In amiable mood one day Leonard remarked of his friend, ‘I taught him how to dress; he taught me how to live forever.’

And so began this friendship of 35 years, between the older and the younger man (Layton is 20 years senior to Leonard); between the master and the apprentice.

Whenever Layton had a promotional tour or appearance, a poetry reading or a workshop (poetry-reading in Canada predated Ginsberg's sensation with Howl that set in motion the ‘beat-poetry’ style, despite Scobie arguing it as an influence on Leonard's background), he would take Leonard along, acquaint him with the nuts and bolts of the business and get him to read some of his own poetry.

And they had such fun together!

On one occasion they were so preoccupied with their discussion, driving from Montreal to Toronto, that they failed to notice how low in petrol they had become.

Too late!

They ran out of petrol some miles from their destination, fortunately near to some houses whose occupants came to their rescue.

Two years later, incredibly, the very same thing happened, at the very same spot.

Only the discussion had changed!

Nothing captures this profound relationship like Leonard's poem, ‘Last Dance At The Four Penny’(The Spice-Box Of Earth , pp 73), which perfectly catches the way they could cock a snook at the establishment, scholarly and religious:

Layton, when we dance our Freilach

Under the ghostly handkerchief,

the miracle rabbis of Prague and Vilna

resume their sawdust thrones,

and angels and men, asleep so long

in the cold palaces of disbelief,

gather in sausage-hung kitchens

to quarrel deliciously and debate

the sounds of the Ineffable Name.

Layton, my friend Lazarovitch,

no Jew was ever lost

while we two dance joyously

in this French province…

Reb Israel Lazarovitch,

you no-good Romanian, you're right

Who cares whether or not 

the Messiah is a Litvak?

Let them step with us or not

in their logical shrouds.

We've raised a bright, white flag…

In this poem we see their shared Jewishness, and the ‘irreverence’(as some would see it) they each had for the Tradition — at least for that view of it which some espoused; we also see a shared disdain for rabbinic (and priestly) logic, to them both a form of mental death.

As Leonard commented in Police Gazette , ‘I'd rather sleep with ashes than with priestly wisdom,’ which has even more point when we understand that the ashes referred to are those of the victims of the Holocaust.

Professor Pacey referred to Layton as ‘a poet of revolutionary individualism,’ and there can be no doubt that that individualism was a common tie, and not merely religiously but in every way.

Not least in the sexual, for both projected a red-blooded response to their manhood which goes beyond the merely sexual or corporeal, claiming —demanding !— the full world of nature and manhood as their proper spheres: nothing was to be too sacred, for all is sacred — a Blakeian conception which predates Blake in its patent Jewishness by millennia, not centuries.

Said Leonard to us over a bottle of Sabbath wine, ‘I did not have a scholar's bent; at that time I spent many evenings with Layton and we  would ‘crack’ poetry together — discover the poet's meaning.

(That is) training at its best: serious, dedicated…

(Ours was) an ad hoc group.

We lived for it, in between homes and restaurants.’

Significantly, he adduced the work of the American poet Wallace Stevens at this point, a man torn between the profession of law and the poetic muse, whose view of lost faith and a ‘disconnected’ tradition imbued his poetry with a wistfulness and a challenge that was taken very seriously by Leonard and Layton; or, perhaps, viewed by them as a satisfactory replacement.

As Layton asked in his poem ‘To The Roaring Wind’(or was it to the Spirit-behind-the wind?):

What syllable are you seeking,

Vocalissimus,

In the distances of sleep?

Speak it.

This was the year in which Leonard was elected president of McGill's Debating Society.

He was, as we have seen, already President of his fraternity.

The following is his acceptance speech as President and, while betraying a certain youthfulness, it demonstrates the cast — the humour and the audacity — of his mind at that time:

Mr Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen.

The foreigners in Ottawa constitute an ominous threat to the integrity and autonomy of our province.

The Communists in the CBC have tried to poison our minds with bolshevism and the capitalists of Ontario have tried to poison our bodies with margarine.

Twice in the last half century they have plunged us into British wars and twice have they taken our finest youth from under our beds and from behind our hams.

We are incompatible with them because they cannot understand us or comprehend our heritage.

In our Church they see bigotry; in our homespun cloth they see provincialism; in our wooden ploughs they see something primitive; in our fallen bridges they see corruption.

And, ladies and gentlemen, how long before they interfere with the very guardians of our existence and prevent the provincial police from shooting down vicious unarmed textile strikers?

These are the things we believe in — the things they are trying to take away.

There is open to us only one course of action: we must quit the Confederation, consolidate and centralise our own power.

But who is qualified to lead us on this Crusade?

The answer is as obvious as the sign on a streetcar — it is a business man.

In this day governments handle astronomical sums and a multitude of people.

In effect, a government today is big business.

Who then more logical to head our new government but a business  man?

There is nothing so admirable as a man who applies his knowledge with forceful direction and from his efficiency reaps a profit.

To be a good business man is the epitome of development and these learned people secretly aspire to that goal.

For what are their professions and avocations per se without the business sense?

The lawyer is a deceptive sophist half smothered in ipso factos.

The artsman is an antique fossil and at best will make a fine filing clerk.

And would we trust the doctor to rule?

I am reminded of a short verse written in Roman times when even then they a new the nature of doctors.

It goes:

‘But when the wit began to wheeze

And wine had warmed the politician

Cured yesterday of my disease,

I died last night of my physician.’

And the engineer — or scientist — an automaton, his imagination chained to a drawing board by a formula and a slide rule.

Will he be our new leader?

Quebec was the last province to give the vote to women.

Under the new régime we would be the first province to disenfranchise them.

For as Ambrose Bierce said, ‘Here's to woman.

Would that we could fall into her arms without falling into her hands.’

And frankly, ladies and gentlemen, what is a theological student but a sebastomaniac?

But don't despair, my friends.

Even for the engineer there is still hope.

Charles E. Wilson, the newly appointed Secretary of Defence, graduated as an engineer but soon realised there were better things in life and he took a course in commerce and went into business and is now engaged in the most complicated of businesses — that of running a country.

But perhaps I should not encourage you.

The business man can use you all in the new régime.

But you must all acknowledge his obvious superiority.

To close, I should like to quote from a source that especially some of us find more authoritative than a business man.

It is the Holy Bible and if you will turn to Proverbs 22:29 the following quotation will be found: ‘Seest thou a man diligent in his business?

He shall stand before kings.

A keen and powerful debater, he was not amused at the dreariness of the Executive's meetings, the small talk and the administration (never his strong point).

So he refused to call the Executive at all!

It led to a major fracas, in which some tried to get him ‘unelected’, but failed.

The rebel was sharpening his teeth!

Such behaviour did not recommended itself to another, more discreet, influence on Leonard during those undergraduate years: Professor F.R. Scott, later Dean of the Faculty of Law, presently, while Leonard swithered and swayed as to whether he should commit himself to the arts or commerce, his lecturer in law.

(An influence on Leonard equal to that of A. M. Klein, also a lawyer, but more importantly a poet-novelist of considerable skill, whose familiarity with literature equalled his Jewish erudition and commitment unlike Leonard he was a ‘ghetto’ Jew of Montreal).

Leonard dedicated a poem to him ‘Song For Abrabam Klein’, in which poetry and song find their first and significant expression.

Steinberg, introducing Klein's brilliant novel The Second Scroll, draws attention to, ‘The obsessive theme of the discovered poetry (of New Israel) is the miraculous, and the key image necessary to explain the remarkable vitality, the rebirth evidenced in every aspect of life, is the miracle.’

A theme and an image which will be apparent — and crucial for Leonard's own novel Beautiful Losers.)

It is doubtful if Leonard learned much law from Scott.

Even when in lectures, which was not often, his mind was elsewhere.

But there was a degree of comprehension, if not agreement, from the professor.

Scott was in fact a poet of considerable skill himself a founding father, no less, of Canada's emerging poetry movement, and the doyen of poetry in Montreal, which has produced so many excellent poets.

An odd diversion, perhaps, from one of the country's leading constitutional lawyers, but he was seized of the gift, and so the poetry became assertive.

His presence had a telling, if quieter, effect on Leonard than that of Dudek or Layton, but it was nevertheless very important.

Scott made no secret of Leonard's ambiguities regarding law, and he sought to ease him into a position nearer to his own, of both lawyer and poet.

But Leonard is not of that cloth; his nature is obsessive; what he does, he must do with abandon; he has to work in total conviction, and dedication.

As he said himself of this time, ‘I yearned to live a semi-bohemian lifestyle, an unstructured life; but a consecrated one; some kind of calling.’

It was this that fostered an even more radical bid for his independence.

Being adequately provided for, he was able to book himself into a downtown hotel which cost him three dollars per night, though he often failed to make it back to the hotel, finding the cosmopolitan and nocturnal life of the town there entirely to his liking: consecration dismantled!

Leonard was fortunate in being welcomed — virtually as an equal -into the regular company of such as these older poets.

Not merely welcomed among them, but escorted around the country by them to various literary and poetry events, and often presented to their confrères as their protégé.

It was during this time that he was invited to the discussions of the CIV/n group, a gathering of poets of the more serious sort — and to some extent inspired by Ezra Pound's revitalising energies, even as its name was culled from his writings — who had just launched a new poetry magazine of that name.

It included such as Wanda Staniszewska, Jackie Gallagher, Buddy Rozynski (cousin of Louis Dudek) and Aileen Collins (later to be Mrs L. Dudek), Robert A. Currie, Yaffa Lerner, Anna Azzulo, Betty Sutherland (later Mrs Sutherland Layton), and Dudek himself.

Between April 1953 and March 1954 they produced the first five issues, meeting in Layton's home, occasionally at Rosengarten's, to discuss The Things That Matter — their latest poetry and material offered by others, not infrequently being led in song by Leonard on his ever-present guitar.

Despite the fun and gaiety, it was a very serious concern — the concern of poetry itself.

It was also revolutionary, an emphasis that attracted Leonard particularly.

Commented Aileen Collins retrospectively, ‘…our study of literature in no way reflected what we knew was happening in the world…(we aspired) to let in new voices, and essentially to jolt Canadians from their lethargy and narrow-mindedness.

We were set against (the Canadian Authors' Association) poetry and maple syrup!’

The magazine was set to be ‘a new force in writing and criticism in Canada’; based on Pound's comment: ‘CIV/n (civilisation)— not a one-man job.’

And not always ironical, either, as Layton commented: ‘The discussion would be lively, boisterous, and prolonged; no fistfights, but plenty of abuse and insult…

What really stands out in my mind was the homage that was instantly paid to a good poem and the individual who had written it.’

Some years later he and Dudek parted company; the former being too much the evangelist-propagandist for the ‘pure’ scholar.

As Pacey said of Dudek — he could never say it of Layton!—‘(his strength) lies in his serious attempt to give as purely as possible the experience which is pure and isolated in his own mind,’ a view which is offended by the notion of ‘popular culture’and the torch-carrying it requires.

Into that group came Leonard.

He grew mentally and spiritually, and his art increased accordingly, in depth and dexterity.

As became poetry of a new civilisation, it was socially conscious as well as spiritual, incisive as well as whimsical; as the following demonstrates (Let Us Compare Mythologies , pp69):

Les Vieux

North-eastern Lunch

with rotting noses and tweed caps,

huddling in thick coats 

and mumbling confidential songs

to ancient friends —

the public men of Montreal:

and in parks

with strange children

who listen to sad lies

in exchange for whistles

carved from wet maple branches;

in Phillips Square,

on newspaper covered benches,

unaware of Ste Catherine Street

or grey or green pigeons

inquiring between their boots —

public men,

spitting blood in crumpled handkerchiefs,

twisting fingers against brittle years.

But rising as his star was, there was one aspect to Leonard's poetry which was encouraged by Layton and discouraged by Dudek.

What the former valued as a proper earthiness and sensuality, the latter condemned as mere vulgarity.

To Leonard, who long had felt the masterful power of passion — when the guests become tyrants — Layton's honesty was as refreshing as his candour was liberating.

Dudek, no prude, had already delivered his concern at this, finding the ‘adolescent sexuality’ an offence against the higher standards of art.

In Layton's company Leonard could be himself, recognise his own nature, and celebrate its pleasing to the full.

No Talmudic saying was nearer to him than that at the end of the Kiddushin : ‘When a man faces his Maker, he will have to account for those (God-given) pleasures of life which he failed to enjoy,’ and the Mezeritzer Rabbi commented, albeit a little more warily, ‘You may reach a compromise between evil and good by enjoying legitimate bodily pleasure and serving God at the same time.’

The ‘Dionysiac’ qualities of life were an essential part of Layton's view; they were so in Leonard's, too.

So these beginning years focused on reality — the underbelly of creation as well as its brightness — which was of immense importance to the making of the man and his mind.

In them opposing forces sought to violate his commitment: the physical versus the spiritual; the free versus the regimented; the religious versus the secular; and so on.

He repeatedly found himself asking the question Who?— and What?— was he?

Believer or agnostic?

Saint or Sinner?

Writer or Businessman?

Musician or poet?

His emotions, the Tradition, pulled one way; art and the imaginative impulse, another.

The earlier call of music, now happily developing into ‘teenage’ forms and addressing their concerns for freedom and individuality, as well as evoking a certain resentment at the growing post-war materialism, was sweeping many along in its wake.

And Leonard's interests in it were moving from the amateur to the professional.

He was to be frequently found at various ‘gigs’ with his Buckskin Boys — a square-dance group of three, of which he was the leader.

They played mainly country tunes, at high-school and church-based venues most weekends.

Terry played bucket-base, Mike played the harmonica, and Leonard played the rhythm-guitar.

Two of the numbers they played were ‘Red River Valley’ and ‘Turkey In The Straw’(the former finding expression in 1989, when it was included in the video Songs from The Life Of Leonard Cohen !)

His guitar was his companion, its music his soul-mate, not only at such professional expressions as these but everywhere.

Rosengarten recalls an afternoon when Leonard, sitting on the Faculty steps with his guitar, started to sing.

Other students joined in and before long, quite spontaneously, a crowd of some 200 or so was found to be singing lustily, with Leonard as the ecstatic, unselfconscious conductor.

The music by which he frequently composed his poetry (a natural continuance of a centuries-old tradition) was asserting itself as an independent expression.

But recent reality had also taken its toll: his father's lamented death, his guitar teacher's suicide, and that of a cousin; the presence of his grandfather Klinitsky-Klein, now reduced unhappily to senility in his mother's house (at which he would surprise Leonard by encountering him suddenly, in odd moments of clarity, saying, ‘Oh, yes, you're the writer, aren't you?’) created other pressures.

And then his grandfather died, and Leonard was faced with other traumas: his mother's remarriage and its unhappy dissolution.

Another related to his canine companion, Tovaritch.

(Leonard also kept white rats and mice — even as late as his thirties, when on the Greek island of Hydra.)

The dog, named before the pact between Stalin and Hitler, as Leonard was wont to emphasise in certain quarters, was a Scottish terrier of above-average sentiment and intelligence.

It fell ill, unknown to the family, and as it was mid-winter it crawled under a neighbour's balcony to escape from the cold, where it expired.

Leonard spent hours walking and cycling around the neighbourhood looking for it.

When it was eventually found it was almost summer, and another sharp lesson on the ephemerality of life and relationships had been learned.

Twenty years later he could still recall the event: ‘I can think about my loyal dog buried in the snow,’(Death Of A Lady's Man ).

No one brought up in the Jewish faith with his sort of European connections could fail to be unaware, or convulsed, by the nightmare we call the Holocaust.

Nightmares and night-time anxiety, are a regular feature of Leonard's work, though he did remark to us, ‘I don't think  that I was scarred by anything.’

For someone whose life has been lived in search of the word, who perceived that ‘a scar is what happens when the word is made flesh,’ who owned that his education began on hearing of the Holocaust, it is not a convincing comment.

It may well be that his nocturnal anxieties began on hearing the nightly ministrations by which his father was nursed — to a young boy, eerie and mysterious, doubtless at times frenetic; no doubt they were exacerbated after his death, as sorrow and loss impinged.

‘Night’ itself occurs several times in his early books of poetry, as it was bound to do, and its references are of an intimidating sort: ‘the night never ending’(in ‘Letter’), and ‘the clinic of your thighs against the night’(in Let Us Compare Mythologies ; the latter intimating that other experience of the night which such high thinkers as Bertrand Russell found laden with sexual feelings).

In The Spice-Box Of Earth he has a particularly pointed reference to it: ‘Night, my old night…

The black, the loss of sun; it will always frighten me…always leave me to experiment.’

His songs have an even greater preoccupation with it, no fewer than 52 references to date, in fact.

Dreams similarly occupy him, the first occurring in ‘Letter’ which was quoted above: ‘your dreams of crumbling cities and galloping horses…’

In ‘It Swings, Jocko’ he says, ‘I want my dreams to be of deprivation…’(which is, after all, the mother of poetry).

He wrote candidly of Breavman in The Favourite Game being ‘an insomniac with visions of vastness,’ by which a more positive element is projected.

But by the time Parasites Of Heaven was written an intensely negative aspect is unveiled: ‘The nightmares do not suddenly develop happy endings, I merely step out of them.’

Whatever we may make of this, it is interesting to observe that Professor Hartman of New York has established a link between those who suffer from this nocturnal disposition and a high level of creativity.

(Hartman has shown that the average person has one or less nightmares a year; and only one person in 500 has them on a weekly basis.)

Moreover, he assesses such people (in his book The Nightmare , 1985) as being ‘markedly open and defenceless, not having developed the psychological protection most people have…they have thin boundaries (between conscious and unconscious states) and let things through.’

Professor Andrew Greeley extended this by drawing attention to the special sensitivity of the sufferers, by which they are easily hurt, which he found often resulted from an unhappy childhood.

For, in addition to any ‘genetic inheritance’, he noted that such individuals frequently suffered from an interlude in which motherly care was unavailable.

It is always dangerous to draw individual implications from social and psychological survey-work such as this, but it does fit: Leonard's admission of insomnia, of disturbing dreams and nightmares, his high sensitivity, his creative abilities; not least his father's demise and his mother's need to attend to him during his frequent bouts of sickness before it.

The horrors of the Holocaust started to burst around Leonard's ears when he was 11.

He actually called it elsewhere ‘a central psychic event’ in his life.

The word itself is derived from two Greek words:holos and kaustos ; the former, ‘wholeness’, has a tragically ironic edge to it in the light of Leonard's concerns for ‘oneness’.

Whatever we may make of its influences, Leonard is clear that he ‘never recovered’ from its dénouements ; its ‘illumination of human behaviour’; its horror (which he termed ‘metaphorical’).

But he was honest enough to say that he was ‘fascinated’ by it too; as he was by all forms of physical violence.

It raised immense questions of fundamental reality; as was translated (badly!) of Joseph in his experience of suffering: ‘the iron entered his soul.’

Leonard was not so much brutalised by the experience, as anaesthetised: hence the recollection of only desire throughout his youth.

His poetry tells a different story: there was wide and profound sentience — of man and nature, of beauty and the beast, of times and seasons, of perception and tactility, of hearing and tasting, and smelling; at the bottom of which remains an unresolved questing, a whole gamut of unanswered questions which drove at the very heart of what he most wished to believe.

His own faith did not have the answers to this, any more than it had the power to prevent the catastrophe, which exacerbated Leonard's growing disaffection from it, or, should we say, his endless self-questioning of it.

He said, ‘There was a lack of teachers in my own tradition.

There were great rabbis in the cities, but I was not part of that.

No preparation was given (me) for the religious vision.

That was not the emphasis; rather, it was a preparation for Canadian citizenship…

My grandfather was dividing himself…’

(The latter, of Lyon Cohen, a signal appraisement which finds similar expression in his uncle's behaviour, as we shall presently see.)

Looking around at the suffocating power of the Roman Catholic Church and the less humane churches of Protestantism, he found that he had nowhere else to go; they had no answers for this situation either.

He wondered sometimes if they even understood the questions.

Little wonder, then, that Professor Dudek viewed him as ‘always a troubled young man.’

He took himself, his name and his calling seriously.

But did anyone else?

What was it all about, and where did he fit in?

There is a passage of great beauty and relevance to this in The Favourite Game (pp116), in which Breavman reflects on his family, its prominent position, and its meaning:

‘He thought that his tall uncles in the dark clothes were princes of an élite brotherhood.

He had thought that the synagogue was their house of purification.

He had thought that their businesses were realms of feudal benevolence.

But he had grown to understand that none of them could even pretend to these things.

They were proud of their financial and communal success.

They liked to be first, to be respected, to sit close to the altar, to be called up to lift the scrolls.

They weren't pledged to any other idea.

They did not believe their blood was consecrated.’

There is an authentic ring about such passages.

They reflect the sense of disquietude, of alienation even, that broke into his consciousness, wrenching him from contentment and popularity and success into a feeling of grave unrest; as they have continued to do, exacerbated by his own failures and guilt.

Hence the prominence of such words as ‘comfort’ in his writings; not of their plush armchairs or velvet drapes, but the comfort of a quiet mind and a balanced equilibrium in life.

We see the struggle asserting itself in the preface to his poem ‘The Glass Dog’(Flowers for Hitler ):

Let me renew myself

in the midst of all the things of the world

which cannot be connected.

He, like his uncles, was a Cohen, with a rank and a calling.

But, for all their excellence, he did not like, he could not agree with, what he saw.

His self-image and his idealism were being threatened at the anvil of reality.

He continued:

‘No, his uncles were not grave enough.

They were strict, not grave.

They did not seem to realise how fragile the ceremony was.

They participated in it blindly, as if it would last for ever.

They did not seem to realise how important they were; not self-important, but important to the incantation , the altar, the ritual.

They were ignorant of the craft of devotion.

They were merely devoted.

They never thought how close the ceremony was to chaos.

Their nobility was insecure because it rested on inheritance and not moment-to-moment creation in the face of annihilation.’

(Our italics, see below.)

He found them wanting.

The annihilation had all but occurred in far-off Europe, but that with which he wrestled was of even deeper concern — the cessation of the faith from within.

So he continued:

‘…

Breavman knew the whole procedure could revert in a second to desolation.

The cantor, the rabbi, the chosen laymen stood before the open Ark, cradling the Torah scrolls, which looked like stiff-necked royal children, and returned them one by one to their golden stall.

The beautiful melody which soared proclaimed that the Law was a tree of life and a path of peace.

Couldn't they see how it had to be  nourished?

All these men who bowed, who performed the customary motions, they were unaware that other men had written the sacred tune , other men had developed the seemingly eternal gestures out of clumsy confusion.

They took for granted what was dying in their hands .’

(Our italics.)

The observer had become a diagnostician; he was fast becoming a prophet.

And, true to the tradition of prophets, he rebelled:

‘But why should he care?

He wasn't Isaiah, and the people claimed nothing.

He didn't even like the people or the god of their cult.

He had no rights in the matter…

He didn't want to blame anyone.

Why should he feel that they had bred him to disappointment?

He was bitter because he couldn't inherit the glory they unwittingly advertised.

He couldn't be part of their brotherhood but he wanted to be among them.

A nostalgia for solidarity.

Why was his father's pain involved ?’

(Our italics.)

Rebellion was one thing; severance or denial was something else.

The responsibility was going to haunt him for years to come.

The die had been cast.

He had perceived.

But to the ‘rebellion’(which may have given rise to something far deeper, as we shall see) we must add two further emphases which we have italicised.

One, the unforgettable ‘incantation’, the ‘melody’ and ‘tune’of the services — things which were deeply rooted in his soul, and would reappear with striking force through his music and songs; and two, his distancing himself from its strictly religious aspects.

Moreover his stark question, ‘Why was his father's pain involved?’ raises a very different note.

In what ways did he feel it, his father's pain?

How did he allow himself to feel it?

And how often?

‘The mills of God grind exceedingly small…’— even if‘the god of their cult’ was disliked.

As with so much in Leonard's writing, the passages may be read at different levels.

Unquestionably, the loss of his father was felt as a grievous blow for many years after the event.

Ironically, Judaism's splendid emphasis on the father-son relationship, the most sacred there is next to that between the Creator and the created, exacerbates this loss; hence Judaism's very humane laws to do with ‘the fatherless’— far ahead of its and any other time.

So the consideration of his uncles' place in both the community and the synagogue calls to mind the fact that his father, as the first born son, should have had that pre-eminence.

Leonard has been doubly cheated: of his father's presence and his rightful position.

Hence his ‘disappointment’, and even his ‘bitterness’.

(It reached its zenith in Beautiful Losers when he referred to ‘my factory’, his metaphor for Judaism as, ‘a pile of rags and labels, a distraction, an insult to my spirit.’)

For all this he has ever been grateful for his uncles, careful considerations — as his father's executors — of his family, and especially of their kindness towards him personally.

Lawrence, in particular, was extremely concerned, and sought to influence his nephew's development advantageously.

(It was Lawrence who ‘blew my cover,’ he said, on finding that Leonard was failing to attend Law School lectures, which was all the more concerning as he had no scholarship to go there, only his family's financial backing.)

It is this which suggests the secondary level.

Was the pain, in fact, actually his father's as well as his own?

In other words, was there not a feeling that, first through illness and then through his premature demise, he had been supplanted in his rights (through ‘natural’ causation, we emphasise), much as Jacob supplanted Esau's rights so many centuries ago (through devious schemes).

Was Leonard aware, even at such a tender age, of the sense of grief his father had, not only in his life being shortened but with it his usefulness?

Or if not then perhaps later as his mother — always self-conscious as to the difference between herself and her more Westernised sisters-in-law gave vent to the feelings of inadequacy they unconsciously inspired?

(But we should understand that ‘complaint’ is part of the Tradition, and should not be interpreted as merely personal affront: it is a valid and recommended part of Jewish expression.)

Such evidence that we have suggests that his father was more introspective than his brothers.

If that is the case, then it is possible that he also thought that the synagogue ritual, as well as the direction of their commercial life and benefactions should have been handled differently.

Nathan Cohen would have been ‘pledged’ to another idea; his ‘blood’would have been consecrated; he would have been ‘grave’— though perhaps not ‘strict’; he would better have protected the fragile ceremony; owning the importance of his proper role in it.

It would, perforce, have been a ‘devoted’ service therein rendered; and adequately ‘nourished’.

Leonard has admitted to a general feeling in the family that Horace was somewhat ‘arrogant’, this son that now wore the mantle: ‘My father was the eldest but his health and nature (an interesting, significant addition) prevented him taking over.’

It was this ‘nature’ that caused Nathan to act as the factory supervisor —‘a good guy’so far as the workers were concerned; and allowed Horace the seniority, as ‘a front-office man.’

But this throws into high relief Leonard's (or at least Breavman's!) denial of spiritual responsibility: if the onus had passed to his uncles, and thereby to his cousins, why should he care?

If no one was now ‘claiming’ anything from him; if he had been marginalised, then ‘he had no rights in the matter’any longer.

Supplanted, perhaps; cheated (by fate) probably; but now self-absolved from its responsibility, though to bear for ever in his mind the trauma of a calling from which he had somehow been disinherited.

It would indeed hound him for ever, and inspire the many references in dialogue to his father which we  shall encounter, and his ambiguous sense of direction and self-fulfilment.

When the priest cannot function as a priest, is he bound to become a prophet?

HIS MYTHOLOGICAL PHASE

It is not possible, in a family such as Leonard's, to refuse the subtle (and the not-so-subtle) constraints.

The business was in need of new blood, he had a widowed mother to consider, and his lineage through Nathan, Lyon and Lazarus claimed priestly — not to say professional — satisfaction.

Leonard, sensitive to such pressures, was in deep doubt.

Such time as he had spent on commercial subjects (in vacations, etc) had produced a profound dislike for them.

This was not life!

He could not see himself chained to these realities for the next 40 or 50 years.

The time spent at his summer jobs — perhaps not least that spent in his uncle Lawrence's brass foundry reinforced this view.

Nevertheless, he felt bound to accept the challenge of post-graduate work at Columbia University in New York, albeit with deepening reservations.

Moreover, Dudek had taken his doctorate at Columbia, and Federico Garçia Lorca had studied there a few years before Leonard was born.

Almost immediately on arrival, surrounded by the cosmopolitan excitement of New York, its immense anonymity, the total lack of personal interest shown towards him after having been the centre of warmth and appreciation in Montreal, he knew that it was not for him.

Columbia University's Law School had no charms, no personal comfort (like the surrounding high-rise buildings); there must be another way.

Paul Robeson — himself a belatedly famed son of the Law School — might embody law and song, and F.R. Scott might embody law and poetry, but even he recognised the more profound call of the muse: ‘poetry first,’ he had said ‘and the poetic element all the way through,’which in the hurly-burly of the clothing industry, was even less possible.

And, in any case such dual commitment Leonard could not  share, commitment for him had to be the expression of what drove him; he was obsessive about his poetry and his life in art.

Having registered, he set about ordering his life as he saw it developing, by giving himself over to the muse, by associating with those whose lives found proper space for literary reflection and endeavour, by getting close to that bohemian existence which he loved and from which all modern art seemed to spring.

Most of all, by writing poetry and seeking to enhance his skills at it.

The ‘Quiet Revolution’ which was beginning to take place in Canada was now seizing Leonard himself; he would be a poet-writer, and be would find a place for his music alongside it.

And there was much encouragement around him to do so.

Layton's ebullience was on a par with Ezra Pound's ‘showmanship’, and Leonard now found himself not so very far from where the great revolutionary poet (of Imagism, Vortism etc.) was actually incarcerated.

What he was now unable to do, the ‘Beat’ poets fulfilled, in their own bohemian street-style in New York.

Ginsberg's Howl actually came out while Leonard was there, doing for the fifties and sixties generation what Eliot's The Waste Land did for the twenties and thirties, and not least Ginsberg's ‘A Supermarket In California’, in which he questioned Lorca's lonely habits; as did Lawrence Ferlinghetti's Picture Of The Gone World .

Others of a similar ilk were Gregory Corso, Gary Snyder and William Burroughs.

Their whole emphasis was against conventionalism — in every form, not least the sexual, the religious and the artistic.

It is almost certain that Leonard's interest in Zen Buddhism was sown at this time, and his ‘anti-intellectualism’ confirmed.

It was the start of a serious counter-culture which achieved its apogee in the poetry and antics of Bob Dylan, The Beatles, The Rolling Stones et al .

Not so quiet was a parallel revolution that was reshaping the music scene, with which Leonard had an ongoing affair.

Like any form of art, music has an intrinsic ability to revitalise itself; but when this is stimulated by ‘external’ factors, for example, those that become operative in the wake of the industrial revolution, the Darwinian ferment and the resurgence of nationalism in the 19th century, not least a species of war-mongering, then wholly new genres may emerge.

Such had happened in Scotland and Ireland in its employment of folk-themes for late 19th century ‘classical music’.

And in England — in the shape of Cecil Sharp and company — it too began to assert its own folk-music (over Continental, largely Teutonic forms) in the opening decades of the present century.

Many of these had found their way across America and Canada with the early settlers, along with psalm versions and hymnody.

The wave of interest in the rediscovery of Celtic music is particularly important, and not merely because of the Celtic-Scottish influence on Leonard's family (an aspect that the  Montreal Gazette highlighted regarding Lyon Cohen's Gaelic accent recently) and American eclecticism — often little more than a slavish following of European forms — which found itself in the development of ‘pop’ music, notably of ragtime around 1900 and jazz around 1918.

The ignoramuses who deplored pop music in the fifties failed to understand how these new forms, far from being ‘a return to the jungle,’ were actually heightening genuine musical development by incorporating their rhythmic vitality and percussive effects into them, as Stravinsky had done.

Gershwin and Gruenberg, in Rhapsody In Blue and Daniel Jazz , were to extend the process still further.

The First World War had caused massive sociological repercussions.

In one sense civilisation as we know it had become unhinged.

Angst took over from utopian ideas of man's upward march, quickly followed by despair on the one hand and pure silliness on the other.

The ‘twittering twenties’ was one of its results, a concentrated version of the ‘naughty nineties’papering over the fissures, which were undermining society at its heart — and mind.

The influence of its music was greatly enhanced by the technological advances which then took place: first in gramophones; then in public broadcasting systems.

The ballad-type songs of the day sung by such as Tony Bennett, Rosemary Clooney, Doris Day, Debbie Reynolds and Frank Sinatra, plus the great classical music she had heard from her youth, facilitated Masha Cohen's overcoming of her personal nightmares, and had become — along with the very important Yiddish music — the natural background to Leonard's life, too.

(Apart from these Yiddish songs, Judaism did not really have any modern music of its own, its practitioners — Mendelssohn, Meyerbeer, Rubinstein, Schonberg, for example— all incorporated the best as they saw it from the past.

It was not until Ernest Bloch launched himself on the scene, with Three Jewish Poems in 1913 that ‘Jewish music’per se arrived; even then it was only half-oriental, half-western in style and colouration.

But even he, in his rhapsody America , in 1926, was not fully committed to its exclusive individuality.

It did, however, have the ‘incantations’ referred to above, which were immensely old, very musical in their own way , and a powerful social force — cohesively, and as an instrument of struggle — as the intifada have found in modern Israel in our own day.)

During the forties and early fifties these, plus the romantic songs evoked by wartime partings, loss and refindings, found a worthy competitor in the more recent folk-songs of America, which were borne out of economic collapse (on the white hand), and subservience and racialism (on the black).

What had hitherto been regional versions of folk and country music now joined with the former ‘racist’ music of the coloured population, creating through cross-fertilisation modern, i.e. ‘pop’, music.

(An interesting confluence also took place between the development of classical music, which by now had moved away from tonality by vastly enlarging its range, and the coloured musicians' microtonality.)

This livelier music, at hitherto unimagined cheapness, combined with the postwar boom and the natural assertiveness of youth.

Indeed, it depended on its buying-power for sustenance, for by 1949 the life of a ‘hit’ record was about three months, with a market profile of a third under 21-years-old and a further 45 per cent between 21 and 35; leaving only one-fifth of purchasers over 35 (many of whom bought for the younger generation in any case).

Leonard was a very close observer, and collector, of this scene; always keeping his hand in with his guitar, writing much of his early poetry to the sound of its music: the emerging Nashville sound, Muddy Waters, Chuck Berry, Big Joe Turner, The Drifters, The Clovers, Guitar Slim and, most of all, Ray Charles, whose first hit, ‘Baby Let Me Hold Your Hand’ in 1951, marked the onset of an astonishing career.

These, and many more, were easily accessible, thanks to the jukebox revolution.

Even if the observation was not consciously made, Leonard recognised the great similarities which were taking place between music and poetry (and in art and sculpture, too), which went under the name of neo-classicism in the former and modernism in the latter.

In them there is an avoidance of subjective emotion, an abhorrence of rhetoric, an emphasis on simplicity, with terseness and economy of expression (the first — subjectivism — not shared by Leonard, of course).

And so the months passed quickly, filled with the sights, sounds, smells and tastes — all of them clamorous and variegated and, not least, the girls with which he filled his mind and his hours.

Even as Breavman's lectures in The Favourite Game ‘didn't count’, so the academic exercises dwindled — and faded away.

His distaste for such work may be seen from the fact that Breavman refers to the (infrequently visited) lecture rooms of Columbia by saying to Krantz: ‘Nothing smells more like a slaughterhouse than a graduate seminar.

People sitting around tables in small classrooms, their hands bloody with commas…’

Leonard stayed like Breavman at the International Student's House, from whose lofty heights he could see across New York ‘relieved that it wasn't his city,’ in the day wandering all over New York ‘to stare and taste at will.’

All of it grist to the mill of this young poet-in-the-making.

Said his friend-cum-mentor, Irving Layton, in looking back over the period, ‘I had a very sharp feeling in the early fifties that poetry in Canada had come in from the cold and was starting to gain momentum.’

Professor Pacey had epitomised the forties as one of ‘vacillation and disillusionment,’ but the tide had indeed commenced to turn, a new  era was opening up.

What was true on the wider front was also true at a personal level: Layton was about to go into his most prolific period of writing, and the whole literary scene was being galvanised into a productivity never before realised in Canada.

In the century which Canadians believed belonged to them, poetry had come of age.

Leonard, too, was coming of age — precociously so.

Between 1949 and 1954 much of his spare time had been given to poetic scribbling; and he was also giving voice to a measure of vacillation and disillusionment, which we shall encounter in his poetry from time to time.

Dudek's ‘knighting’ him, and Layton and Scott's friendship, had set the seal on his gift; his two prizes (the Macnaughton and the Peterson) had confirmed it.

For the former award he had offered his work under the title ‘The Sparrows: Thoughts Of A Landsman’, which was divided into four parts:

1.

A Statement: ‘For W(ilf) and his house’

2.

A Criticism: ‘Ste Catherine Street’

3.

A Criticism: ‘Lord On Peel Street’

4.

An Alternative: ‘The Song Of The Hellenist’

Plus ‘The Sparrows’ that we encountered earlier.

He was also publishing some poetry in the ‘little magazines’, such as‘Had We Nothing To Prove’, ‘The Fly’, ‘To Be Mentioned At Funerals’, and ‘Just The Worst Time’.

Professor Dudek, as we saw, had been in the van of promoting the post-war interests of poetry in a variety of forms and outlets.

Contact , which he edited with Souster, now closed.

So he conceived the excellent idea of producing a new series designed to catch the emerging poets at their earliest publishable point, to be called the ‘McGill Poetry Series’.

The university authorities liked it, and readily consented to the use of its name.

Leonard was a natural choice for the first of the new series, both in bearing and background he represented, not merely McGill, but Canada itself; he was accordingly approached.

A manuscript of poems was assembled by him for the Professor to view; the intention being (and Dudek was very well experienced in this sort of work) for him to take the matter over and see it through to publication.

But Leonard bad different ideas.

He had seen beyond the excitement of being approached for his first book; he already visualised it on the bookshelves!

Following the professor's agreement to the material, Leonard now set his own hand to the matter entirely, learning at 21 the art of negotiation with typesetters, printers, binders and designers.

(There had been no plan to illustrate the book, but Leonard talked his friend and fellow-student Freda Guttman into it, and so the book appeared with five designs from her hand).

Professor Dudek had envisaged the series coming out in paper covers (the format that was just becoming the way  to the mass market); Leonard ensured that it went into hard; Dudek had not meant the books to be prestigious in format but vehicles of introduction; Leonard saw to it that his book could stand alongside the best that there were from both sides of the Atlantic.

And he himself covered the entire costs (of $300), and did most of the distribution and selling (on the campus, in the local cafés, in bookstores and so on, aided by a mini-advertising campaign in the McGill paper).

In fact, within a month it had sold out — a unique feat for such a volume.

He had clearly learned a thing or two from his family's entrepreneurship, and was not willing to be confined to any form of anonymity such as overtook some would-be poets.

The book appeared in the Spring of 1956, and was significantly dedicated to the memory of his father: the memory of whose dying he could not assuage:

Bearing gifts of flowers and sweet nuts

the family came to watch the eldest son,

my father; and stood about his bed

while he lay on a blood-sopped pillow,

his heart half-rotted

and his throat dry with regret.

And it seemed so obvious, the smell so present,

quiet so necessary,

but my uncles prophesied wildly,

promising life like frantic oracles;

and they only stopped in the morning,

after he had died

and I had begun to shout.

(‘Rites’, Let Us Compare Mythologies , pp22)

He could scarcely help himself in choosing this physical format.

The dedication was a gesture of pained sorrow at his father's death as much as an act of filial piety, and the natural way to do it was to reproduce the style and character of his essentially Edwardian father.

The first copy he inscribed ‘To my dearest grandmother, with love and gratitude.’

It was not merely a debt repaid, but a duty fulfilled.

He had done it with consummate aplomb.

Let Us Compare Mythologies , the title of the book, placed Leonard at the forefront of the young poets of Canada.

As well as launching the series, he had launched himself; he had moved from the ranks of a contributor to the little poetry magazines into the mainstream; his apprenticeship days were over.

The title is indicative of a movement generally in Canada away from the ‘social environment towards the more permanent world of archetypal forms and myths,’(as Desmond Pacey reviewed it); but it  represented much more the interests uppermost in Leonard's own mind: the juxtaposing and conflicting ‘mythologies’ of his youth in cosmopolitan Montreal.

Not that he found them conflicting, still less was he offering a comparative mythology.

The word is used by him in a somewhat extenuated sense; not the classical definition of a sacred narrative-cum-worldview of Levi-Strauss and the anthropologists, but the more ordinary sense of metaphor, image or symbol, ‘rites’ even, and especially ‘mythologies within mythology’as Milton Wilson perceived.

(‘Platonic myth’ might be more accurate, if we detach from poetry does ‘narrate’in a Joycean sense.)

This enabled him to bring together the Judaism of his upbringing and the Roman Catholicism and Anglo-Saxon Protestantism in which it was set in Montreal; the former dominating of course.

It also allowed him to include a wide range of ‘non-sacred’ ideas and images which colour our lives from the cradle to the grave, not least those of loving and sexuality.

Understood thus it avoids the questions (and therefore the problems), which Leonard nowhere addresses: such as the historicity, canonicity and the like of the world-faiths — to his mind a species of academic involvement with which he was not interested and of which he was even disdainful.

It is for this reason that Professor Desmond Pacey correctly posits Leonard in his second category of Canadian poets, the socialist-realist group, of which Layton is ‘the chief prophet’; not the first, the mythopoetic group of Frye, Reaney and Macpherson.

In this sense Leonard's critic, Stephen Scobie, could not be more wrong.

Indeed, his treatment of this first book (and we shall see that it is not very dissimilar from the others) is a blatant piece of eisogesis — reading into (as opposed to exegesis , out of) the text what he wishes to see, or rather plant.

Taking the word ‘mythologies’ in its usual ‘technical’sense, Scobie comments:

The opening poem, ‘Elegy’(13), announces the main themes with a firmness of tone and richness of texture that reverberate through to the culmination of Beautiful Losers .

It takes either great pretentiousness or great brilliance (or an outrageous combination of the two) for a young poet to proclaim himself as Orpheus in the first poem of his first book.

We have no quarrel with his perception of the poem's tone or texture, which is correct, but no such ‘proclamation’ was made, or intended.

Leonard may have acted audaciously in determining his book's format and presentation (as he became wont to do with his later works), but his response to Professor Dudek's invitation was level-headed, indeed humbly — if enthusiastically!— grateful.

No such claim as Scobie posits was made, and grounds for it do not exist empirically.

A better case can be made out for its subject being Salmo salar : the Atlantic salmon, than for Orpheus!

In any case, even within technical, i.e. classical mythology, Orpheus was a singer, not a fish.

In one form of the myth he was killed and dismembered, but then his head floated .

The image, as with the subject itself, is far more ethereal, and meaningful.

(One of America's leading Jungian psychologists, Dr Joseph L. Henderson, in Man And His Symbols , edited by Carl Jung, has made the connection — without reference to Leonard's work, to be sure.

But while he argues for general connections between the rites, incidentally ignoring the many repudiations of Gnosticism that were made of it by early Christian leaders, his viewpoint is much more balanced than Scobie's.)

Scobie appears to borrow the connection from an article by Sandra Djwa —‘Leonard Cohen: Black Romantic’ which first appeared in 1967, where it is more skilfully and roundly argued: ‘Cohen's dominant theme (is),’she says, ‘the relationship between experience and art, and more specifically the suggestion that the value of experience is to be found in the art of ‘beauty’distilled from it…’

The central point of the book is a reflection of a non-technical ‘wider ecumenism’, ‘a juxtapositioning of mental shapes or ideas through which the poet had learned to look at life, his own and that reflected by others.’

Pacey grasps the matter more perceptively when he says, categorically, ‘he does not take refuge in the ambiguity of myths, but expresses with engaging candour and simplicity his own personal response to experience.’

But Djwa rightly perceives that ‘reading through Cohen's work we become aware of an unsatisfied search for an absolute.’

The indefinite article may be suggested by the broad ‘mythological’ framework; he still disliked ‘the god of their cult’!

It is not justified by viewing his work comprehensively, even to 1967; still less so to 1978 when Scobie wrote.

(Another eisogetic blatancy occurs in Scobie's reading into the poem ‘Exodus’ a reference to the Suez war.

Let Us Compare Mythologies was published in May 1956; the war took place later that summer!)

Djwa is precise in saying that his ‘dominant theme’ is ‘the relationship between experience and art,’though it avoids the nature of the experience —‘art for art's sake’or art for truth's sake: the reality behind the mythology — whatever it is.

The book is prefaced by a quotation from William Faulkner's The Bear , in which McCaslin says (in response to uncertainty as to what the poem they were discussing meant), ‘He had to talk about something.’

Leonard likewise.

He was impelled to say something: it was in his blood, his whole being drove him on.

But what?

The only thing that ‘rang bells’ for him was his own  consciousness — Djwa's ‘experience’— and most of all the inner experiences which had always dominated his vision — his ‘inner landscape’.

(From which point we must not fail to understand the high importance of crypto-amnesiac inputs, as we shall see).

He commented specifically on this and his use of the Faulkner quotation by saying, ‘When the writer has some urgency to speak, the subject matter becomes almost irrelevant.’

Somehow his feelings became detached from the critical procedures (not that he does not handle and assess his own work critically, which he does).

He feels something; is inspired by it; his mind takes off; his periods flow — and afterwards he has difficulty in recalling their point of origination, even their exact meaning (like Browning, see below).

His experience is transmuted into art.

Understanding ‘mythologies’ thus, we might paraphrase his title: ‘Symbols Of Life’, which has the additional benefit of thrusting forward his debt to the ‘surrealist’poet Lorca, a natural child of the symbolist movement, whose ‘super-realisms’had infatuated Leonard from his teenage years.

(The symbolists' position was best declared by Mallarm who, in a famous phrase, said, ‘Peindre, non pas la chose, mais l'effet qu'elle produit .’

‘Painting is not what matters, but the effect it produces.’

It is this which produces Leonard's startling use of juxtaposition, which goes on to become a disavowal technique.)

Whilst owing his debt to Lorca, it has to be said that this volume is markedly conservative.

The language apart, Leonard also seems to have been drawn towards the scandal-provoking propensities of the social catalysts as well as their revolutionary emphases; drawn towards them, at times suggesting some involvement with them, but always as an outsider to their cause; never a fully committed revolutionary himself.

It is another pointer to that ambiguity which is so much a characteristic of his life and work, in which the essential orderliness and formal morality of his upbringing clash with his more libertarian — and sometimes libertine — impulses and imagination.

He could — and would -visit a revolution, be it political and national, or merely student; he would reflect on it, but he would never get ‘involved’ in it, be it Cuban, Ethiopian, Greek or Polish.

(Priestly élitism undermining the prophetic?)

The book highlights such subjects as animism, Jewish, Christian and Hellenistic ‘mythologies’; the realities of health, sickness and death; of nature — its seasons (notably Spring and Winter) and its glories, as well as its decadence (we find no evidence for Djwa's contention that ‘the book moves through cycles of winter death followed by spring rebirth,’ any more than for her ‘structural myth’or ‘controlling Orpheus myth’which form the foundation for her critique of the book); of  rationality and madness; loneliness and intimacy; of truth and treachery, prayer and protest; of prophet and priest, doctors and teachers, angels and devils; freedom and slavery, sainthood and sinning, wonder and despair, war and peace, love and loss, beauty and brutality; regret and humour; sensuality and discipline, joy and sadness; of the greatness of God and his creation, and the pitiful smallness and incompetency of man; the city and the breadth of nature itself: sea and air, rivers and countryside; savagery and urbanity; loss and its disappointing pangs.

In a word he offers a cornucopia of man's hopes and experiences, his successes and his frustrations, set in Canada, but energised by a trans-historical and global outlook of classical mythology and biblical settings.

(Memphis is the only city which gets a mention outside this range; appropriately, considering its high profile in the mythology of music!)

It fits perfectly the charm and naivety of the early to mid-fifties; it has little to do with the self conscious posturings of the later period that Scobie wishes to impute to it; most of all that of the ‘Beat generation’, for most of the book had been written before Howl howled and junkie commenced the near-universal junketings.

It was this work, along with the subsequent brilliance of his public performances, that created his reputation as ‘Canada's leading young poet’: ‘His virtues are his own, and they are considerable…at his best he expresses himself, sometimes whimsically, sometimes passionately, in speech which is beyond the capacity of mere formula to produce,’ commented Allan Donaldson at the time.

‘Mr Cohen knows how to turn a phrase, his poems at their best have a clean, uncluttered line, and he writes about something,’ said Milton Wilson.

‘Easily the most promising,’ judged Pacey, in 1961; and George Woodcock added that Leonard was one ‘who could write lines which are no longer good imitation Yeats; they are lines which only Yeats could have imitated.’

‘A fresh and exciting talent…a brilliant beginning,’ commented the anonymous reviewer in the Queen's Quarterly .

All of this he offered in a variety of poetic forms, from the traditional quatrain to the more controversial prose-poem ‘Friends’.

Stephen Scobie has called attention to the sheer excess with which Leonard adorns his pages.

It is natural that the surrealist should deal in super-abundance, quite apart from it being a reflection of his youth.

Leonard was but 21 when it was first published, though the poems were culled from his output from 15 to 20 years of age, according to an interview he gave to Andrew Tyler of Disc in 1972.

It was not, however, the luxuriance of his style or language which his former mentor, Louis Dudek, focused on in 1958, but ‘the total negation,’‘the high condition.’

Professor Dudek, who had begun to express criticism rather than encouragement for the young poet, went on to speak of ‘an intellectual disorder (not only in politics, but in  morality and religion) which leads to a primitive mythological effort to organise chaos…(it) proceeds from a state of mind fundamentally disturbed, and bordering on the deeply neurotic or worse.’

Mythological or not, it has to be emphasised that he was speaking here of a group of poets — Ellenborgen, Hine, Mandel, Purdy, Macpherson, Layton and Cohen — not just Leonard himself.

But he clearly places Leonard within this group which, he held, ‘grasps at a confusion of symbolic images, often a ragbag of classical mythology, in the effort to organise a chaos too large for them to deal with in the light of reason,’ which in turn causes them to express ‘a sardonic bitterness in their social criticism, a realism without any utopian idealism to support it.’

Not only sardonic bitterness, we must add but delicate irony, too.

Leonard's mind was such that he always had several ironies in his fire at any one time, even when he was seeking to demythologise some of them!

This, so far as it concerns Leonard, simply goes too far.

He was not trying to organise anything!

He was speaking from a mind full of ideas and images, which all offered insight in varying ways, which he sought to reflect on over several years.

It is placing an artificial, not to say architectonic, view on the whole work so to argue; it is to take his ‘mythology’ too seriously, too literally; to fail to see that the ‘excess’was part of the message.

It is unfortunate that the influential Dudek could only illustrate Leonard's work by quoting from the admittedly despondent poem ‘Rededication’, without a reference to the many other elements of positive delight that the book — and Leonard's work elsewhere at that time — demonstrates.

Regrettably, he makes the same point in his brilliant collection of causeries In Defence Of Art , gathered together by his wife Aileen, in 1988, when he links Susan Musgrave's ‘inner nightmares’ to Leonard's ‘early poetry’.

It is a pity; for it was commentators of his stature, followed by journalists of no stature, who promoted an excessive negative emphasis on Leonard which was out of balance with his work as a whole.

And who, moreover, failed to differentiate between the artist and his art.

This is not to say that such comment is wholly wrong; merely to say that it lacks precision, finesse.

Leonard could be depressive along with many other poets (the psycho-endocrinological critique of poetry has yet to be written!); he could also be uplifting and assertive; he could, indeed, write ‘about something’ to use Faulkner's phrase from The Bear , and did so to the advantage of large numbers of people who gladly read, and asked for more.

We must remember that this collection was put together in late 1955, when most Jewish thinkers' minds were somewhere between the atrocities of the Holocaust and the fearfully questionable use of the Bomb.

Further, Israel was now a reality —‘next year in Jerusalem’ for millions had been fulfilled; but the reaction of the Arab world was very  hostile — Suez was but months away, and glimmerings of its possibility (and worse) were evident.

Moreover, the Cold War was not thawing; Eisenhower was firm, if complacent; Khruschev was, well, Khrushchevian; stamping round the world belligerently, rattling his bombs and adding reality to the nascent CND warnings.

Young people were afraid, wondering if they would have time to have their children, and became agitated at the racheting-up of international tensions in East and West.

They were not sure that they would see 30; millions had not, scarcely a decade ago.

Little wonder there was ‘intellectual disorder’— if that is the correct word for daily thought stymied by explicit threats of destruction; ‘a state of mind fundamentally disturbed’— if they are the mots justes for those who doubt whether they will be able to put their professional training into practice; ‘bordering on the neurotic’— if that is an accurate description for lives lived under the fear of total extinction in the mushroom cloud.

Many did so think, and fear; and saw nothing in the religious experience — or that to which it pointed — of the last decade and a half to cause them to think otherwise.

The days were truly apocalyptic; sadly, many of the commentators and reviewers, the would-be art leaders, were merely apoplectic; not least in fastening on to his overt sexuality, their criticisms of him shielding their own neuroses.

The rabbis had a saying: ‘Where there is too much, there is something missing.’

The excess to which some have pointed may well disclose the absence of something crucial, but for that we must defer judgment.

In the meantime we may note that, right or wrong, balanced or not, Leonard spoke from the heart — as did the prophets of old; the sell-out qualities of the book demonstrated the need, as well as his astuteness in compiling his selection.

He was proving himself to be not only an accurate witness to the times, but a respected one, too.

There was one particular aspect to which all commentators drew their readers' attention: his sensuality, referred to above.

For those raised in the prudery of puritanism or the celibacy-conscious preoccupations of Catholicism this ran against the grain.

They could not see how one so patently spiritual in his emphases, so biblical in his references (to both ‘Old’ and ‘New’Testaments), could be so frank about his appreciation of female beauty and his corporeal appetites.

But this is part of the witness he bears;celebrating love and sex and intimacy.

He speaks characteristically of his ‘greed’ as well as his need; of his ‘longing’as well as his belonging (the latter more often by default — itself a mechanism of his alienation); of passion as well as affection; of fleshly appetites as well as the spiritual.

He was only too well aware of the Talmudic dictum that a handful does not satisfy a lion, but he was neither apologetic nor guilty  over it.

He prized too highly the Judaic emphasis of the wholeness of man's nature — oneness — his enjoyment of the gift of sexuality; and he criticised — at least e silencio — the false views that dichotomised and castrated man.

We should not forget that it was not that long since Samuel Butler had published (in 1878) his famous poem ‘A Psalm Of Montreal’ which was evoked by finding that Canadian ‘philistinism’, had removed a Greek statue of Discobolus to a side-room in the Natural History Museum, presently used by a taxidermist, because of its ‘vulgarity’.

On being asked what constituted such vulgarity, it was explained that it was because it had ‘neither vest nor pants to cover his lower limbs!’

Lazarus Cohen would have laughed at that; Butler simply vented his spleen ‘psalmically’, whose chorus was, starkly, ‘O God!

O Montreal!’

What the young Queen Victoria had to say about this, from her youthful posture on Sherbrooke Street, we shall never know.

Such prudery was simply offensive foolishness; an attack on God's gifts and creation, against which Leonard set himself solidly.

He was to be, as he called himself later, ‘the poet of the two great intimacies’: together, in balance, and genuinely.

‘POET OF THE TWO GREAT INTIMACIES’

The success of Let Us Compare Mythologies confirmed Leonard in his decision to be a poet-writer, even if it did not relieve Masha of her concern for his future well being.

Six Montreal Poets , a short film made by CBC — which gained considerable American exposure through Folkways Records — re-emphasised that decision.

(The other participants were A.J. Smith, L. Dudek, I. Layton, F.R. Scott and A.M. Klein, whose ages ranged from 40 to 60; Leonard was just 23.)

In this film Leonard recorded eight poems from his recent book (‘For Wilf And His House’, ‘Beside The Shepherd’, ‘Poem’, ‘Lovers’, ‘The Sparrows’, ‘Warning’, ‘Les Vieux’ and ‘Elegy’); the sleeve was careful to emphasise that he also wrote songs for a local group called The Stormy Clovers, by no means his first such work.

And he was now frequently called to other public performances; his first ‘professional’ poetry recital was at Dunn's Jazz Parlour in Montreal, where he recited ‘Gift’to piano accompaniment, in honour of the ancient traditions of poetry.

Another event took place at Birdland, a jazz-club in the centre of Montreal, where Leonard gave poetry readings after midnight, frequently to the accompaniment of his own guitar on which he improvised appropriate backings, though often in company with more experienced jazz musicians.

His early involvement in this so-called jazz-poetry — which achieved such popularity in the sixties — shows that Leonard, not for the first time, and certainly not the last, was ‘where it was all happening’ before it actually happened.

Similarly, he performed at various locations in the States, reading his poetry to the accompaniment of Maury Kay, a well known jazz musician of the time.

But poetry and music were not the only things that he wrote at this time.

His prose-poetry had tumbled into full prose, and he was now engaged on his first novel, under the title of Beauty At Close Quarters .

Sadly, for it was a lively, largely autobiographical piece, it would never see the light of day.

It went through several mutations, but he failed to convince his publisher of its commercial viability.

He was also keeping notebooks Coleridge-like and in the time-honoured fashion these fed his later work, notably his novels and Death Of A Lady's Man in particular.

Poetry still continued to claim much of his time, and several pieces were penned or started such as‘Snow Is Falling’, written to the music of Ray Charles, Edith Piaf and Nina Simone, among others.

His domestic arrangements were somewhat bitter-sweet.

He needed solitude to write, as well as a place of his own for entertaining his girlfriends, which he found on Mountain Street.

But his mother was concerned, and lonely.

Concerned as to whether he was adequately looking after himself, but especially concerned as to his future as a writer.

She was only too well aware of the fragility of the undertaking, and had little confidence in his making it.

She exhorted him to ‘follow your little heart’; it was much more difficult for her to do so, and it showed.

He still saw Irving Layton, and they decided to put their hands to playwriting; which reinforced his mother's concern!

(It will be remembered that he had studied drama at McGill, and the plays of Britain's ‘angry young men’ had made waves in Canada.)

They settled on a series of four or five plays which are notable for anticipating subjects destined to become central issues in the sixties: student revolt, the hippie movement, violence and so on.

A recollection of their work was given by Layton in an interview for the Canadian Theatre Revue in 1977, in the wake of A Man Was Killed , the first play to be written by them, but tardily presented.

Layton used to go to Leonard's flat each morning where they would work for three hours or so, though sometimes letting the work run on through the afternoons.

They spurred each other on, allowing the action and the words to flow naturally.

As Layton said, ‘He'd get off some line, and then I would take the part of a character and so on.

We found ourselves working very beautifully together, and we finished this play…

We had a good deal of fun doing it.’

Leonard recalled his own practice of that time, an ‘instinctive’ use of ‘primitive meditation’: ‘I sat with my hands on my lap, like a cataleptic…like Ezekiel!

My head was bowed down.

I was just a kid looking for the ‘juice’’.

Their optimism was confounded by CBC's impervious disinterest.

And they got the usual terse rejection-slip to that effect.

It has to be said that the plays are somewhat thin in material, and the characterisation weak, but they were both offended by the offhand refusal and the Corporation's unwillingness to offer even the slightest guidance for the betterment of the projects.

It was not all going to be wine and roses; and Leonard again felt the sharp problem of the Canadian writer at that time — having a small home market, not wishing to become artistically part of the ‘53rd State’ of America, and yet having nowhere else to go.

As Layton said, ‘I still regret that we got no encouragement from the CBC, because I think that we would have gone on to write plays.’

So it was that they went on to do other things, but separately; a ‘beautiful’ working relationship was thereby broken up, and two highly creative thinkers had their play-writing ambitions stillborn.

(This was not, in fact, the end of Leonard's ambitions in that regard.

In Flowers for Hitler , pp 110ff, he published his ‘The New Step’: a ballet-drama in one act; and an involvement in film-making would help to sublimate it, as we shall see.)

Leonard did, however, manage to get a grant from the Canadian Arts Council.

Having found both America and Canada limiting — for different reasons — he took the only other course open to him, he went east: to Europe which then meant London.

Now London in the late fifties was very different from that of the ‘seething sixties’.

Harold MacMillan, Prime Minister, might still be saying to the electorate that they had never had it so good — which was true in terms of the change-round from post-war reconstruction, wartime destruction, and the days of depression; but to someone of Leonard's background, from Canada, the place was a bore.

The scenery was grim, the food was unappetising, fashion was all but non-existent (he did buy a Burberry raincoat — his ‘famous blue raincoat’— which he adorned till someone relieved him of it in New York 20 years later), the arts were struggling, almost moribund, despite the explosive qualities of Kingsley Amis, John Osborne, Colin Wilson, and Alan Sillitoe; and the weather was atrocious.

His friend Morton, who had recently been studying art and sculpture in London, mentioned his parents' old friends, the Pullmans, who had a place in Hampstead.

To this Leonard went, and there he stayed for several months, playing his part in the Pullman household under the terse agreement: ‘If you stay, you'll pull your weight, like the rest of us’; ensconced in a lively family atmosphere for the first time in years.

Apart from organising his domestic life, Stella Pullman was a disciplinarian in the old British landlady tradition (her husband was a former RAF pilot who now flew for BOAC).

She organised his professional life: she demanded to know his daily quota of work (three pages a day) and ensured he kept to it — on pain of leaving should he fail!

That sort of failure does not belong to Leonard Cohen, he is by nature an industrious and self-conscious worker, if restless; and so he stayed.

He got plenty of work done there; he made friends; he felt liberated and enjoyed himself.

He even found English girls desirable, a girl called Elizabeth in particular.

But he could not come to terms with the climate.

It lacked ‘comfort’ and that spiritual stimulation he needed for his work.

On one of his afternoon strolls (mornings were for work, once he had completed his domestic chores laid down by Stella), he chanced on Bank Street, in the East End.

His attention was caught by the National Bank of Greece — not an inappropriate interest for one who had composed ‘The Song Of The Hellenist’, and was drawn to Judaism's most persistent ‘enemy’ through it.

He went in to speak to one of the tellers.

Struck by the young man's suntan, he asked where he had acquired it, and when.

It settled his mind.

To Greece he must go!

And without more ado he booked his one-way ticket.

A new and dramatic phase was opening up.

Another factor was undoubtedly Layton's own involvement with Greece, which went back to 1951, about which he had written many poems.

By 1974 he was able to publish his 75 Greek Poems: 1951–1974 .

It was the capital of Greece, Athens, that first captivated his mind; a very different place from the Decapolis of which he had written in ‘The Song Of The Hellenist’, and light years away from the London from which he had fled.

Here was the Acropolis, which had dominated the city since the second millennium BC, and older than Judaic Jerusalem (King David's city) by 500 years; the Agora, the civic centre, formerly situated between the Acropolis and the main gate to the city; both being crowned by the remains of the Parthenon, that geometric and architectural treasure widely copied — from Birmingham, England, to Nashville, Tennessee.

Here the streets were alive with the chatter of tongues from all over Europe and the Middle East — the central meeting place of cultures, philosophies and religions, in which many found their roots.

This was a city to get lost in, to come alive in, a city of immense contrasts, warmth and vitality.

‘Athens, my chiefest joy,’ he had written several years before he got there in vivid anticipation; now he experienced its individual dynamic.

There was very little of his own faith to be seen in the city, even if he had wished to become involved.

By this time the Jewish community in Greece had dwindled to something like 6,000 (from the 11,000 which remained after the Nazi occupation; 75,000 having been liquidated).

His mind was elsewhere, exploring, recording, storing up scenes and experiences that would serve his work, even as the travel served his restless needs.

But it was the Greek islands on which his attention was finally fastened, notably Hydra (Ydra) in the Saronic Gulf, which had had an artistic community on it for some years.

(Missolonghi, on the mainland opposite, had been Lord Byron's pied-á-terre , where he died in 1824, with whom Leonard shared much, romantically and in the fuller Romantic sense.)

Here, on a small island of some 2,000 or so souls, pocketed by the encircling hills around its charming port, was the ideal place for him to gather his thoughts and address himself more seriously than he had been able to do in busy Montreal, grim London or frenetic New York.

It was a place of solitude, of plodding donkeys (even today no cars are allowed on the island; nor would they get very far if they were); cold water and kerosene lamps.

In such primitive surroundings, amid the stunning beauties of the island and the glories of the Aegean, where fishermen still wrested a living from the sea and farmers scrabbled one from the land, Leonard found his peace; his ‘sitting-down time,’ as he called it, where he could — as all poets must — recollect in tranquillity.

Here he could live in virtually complete seclusion, at a fraction of the cost it would take in northern Europe or Canada; where the people were unconcerned as to who you were or what you did; and where breathtaking vistas opened up for the seeing — both external and internal.

Here Leonard discovered the Greek way of life — its alternating rhythms of work and leisure, both on the seasonal and the daily basis, which are so conducive to creative thought and achievement.

Here he was able to stand back from the onrush of western man and ask himself the real questions of life and meaning; get his young life, full and successful as it had been, into perspective.

Here he began to crystallise the wisdom of some of his best poetry, writing and songs; for it was here that he was reborn, where he truly began to find himself; where, not least, the music of Greece entered his soul, evoking earlier memories and melodies, combining with them to suggest a new style, a new mystique.

(‘Filled with wonder at the sound of the bazouki,’ as Jacques Vassal commented; also emphasising Leonard's appreciation of Theodorakis's then emerging art.)

Perhaps the words of his ‘Old Dialogue’(Flowers for Hitler , p128) come from this time, overshadowed as they are with other meanings and claims:

Has this new life deepened your perceptions.

I suppose so.

Then you are being trained correctly.

for what?

If you knew we could not train you.

And it was here that he met Marianne, a young woman of great beauty, high intelligence, deep sympathy, and fun.

The gods had drawn them together, and together for 10 years or so they would make music, exploring the world and themselves, unharried by outside pressures, responding only to the more meaningful pressures of life and love.

Leonard had tried to get Elizabeth, his London girlfriend, to take the bold step of departure to Greece, but she had refused.

(She had not liked  his ‘famous blue raincoat’ either!)

On arriving he missed that female intimacy which had been so important a part of his life for many years.

He knew that ‘it was not good for man to dwell alone’; and he sharply felt his loneliness.

He admired, and we may guess coveted, the warmth of relationships he saw around him.

One in particular caught his attention: a blonde couple by the name of Jensen, Norwegians, who had sailed to the island on their 16—foot boat along with their young son, Axel.

Like Leonard, they were given to the literary life.

Leonard was actually looking in a shop window when he first saw them, noticing Marianne — naturally — first!

She took his breath away, as she did most men's.

He never realised, on that eventful day, that she would ‘come into my arms’(as he put it) and stay there for so many years, adding in no small degree to the legends of love which keep the world sane and hopeful.

There was serious work, however, at hand for Leonard.

His writing, prose and poetry demanded rigorous attention, and received it with the same daily routine that he had established earlier: three pages a day, writing and rewriting, creative and self-critical.

Moreover, he had added to his possessions a piece of luggage of inestimable value for now -and for the next 30 or so years: his Olivetti 22 portable typewriter, which he had bought in London for £40, no small investment for those days.

There were also the calls from home with which, throughout this period and always, he was to keep in close contact.

He had built, or at least started to build, a public (in the Kierkegaardian sense: ‘a gigantic something, an abstract and deserted void which is everything and nothing’) and he was determined to stay true to it; recognising that publicity is the lifeblood of an author.

As ever, his world was split into two contradictory rhythms: solitude and company, his own tough self-criticism and the adulation of those around him: ambiguities converging, and testing.

In November 1959 he found himself back in Montreal, ‘to renew his neurotic affiliations’ as he was to repeat endlessly to journalists; meeting his friends and family, sometimes bumping into his uncles who would take him for expensive meals at top restaurants — such as the Ritz — and hotels; and generally awakening and reawakening those impulses and memories which would fire his imagination and energise his mind for months to come.

He was due to join up with his old friend Irving Layton again, and former professor F.R. Scott at New York's prestigious YM/YWCA centre on 92nd Street.

Here they gave poetry readings in the 800-seat auditorium; a measure of the man he was becoming and of the distinguished company he kept.

It was serious stuff, this poetry, Leonard's now suntanned complexion adding to the prophetic tones as he came, Elijah-like, out of his own wilderness experience.

(Scobie  correctly urges this background in prefacing his comments on Leonard's work, but fails to mention, alongside Canada's vastness, the particular Jewish motif by which all prophets found their calling; similarly he omits reference to Leonard's own ‘wilderness experience’, on Hydra.)

Distanced from the day-to-day world of his youthful and not-so-youthful listeners, he could speak with all the more understanding, all the more authority, to their needs.

He was already on the way to establishing his role as a leading spokesman for the ‘sixties generation’— a generation that was forced to handle change as never before, as Bernard Levin commented, in ‘The Pendulum Years ’:

fashions changed and changed again, changed faster and still faster: fashion in politics, in political style, in causes, music, in pop-culture, in myth, in education, in beauty, in heroes and idols, in attitudes, in responses, in work, in love and friendships, in food, in newspapers, in entertainment…

What had once lasted a generation now lasted a year, what had lasted a year now lasted a month, a week, a day.

There was a restlessness in the time that communicated itself everywhere and to everyone, that communicated itself to the very sounds in Britain's air, the stones beneath Britain's feet.

And not just in Britain either, though it was now setting the pace -or at least contributing its own in all these fields.

Though not in poetry, whose influence now chiefly came from America and Canada.

At such meetings he kept himself in touch with the constantly changing scene of poetry, the new faces which appeared, the old names which disappeared.

And it was fast changing.

Between 1959 and 1969 poetry production was to triple, thanks to the industrious imagination of such as Phyllis Webb, Eli Mandel, Daryl Hine and not least that battery-hen of poets, Irving Layton, to name but a few.

Comparisons were now being made between it and that of Britain and the USA in the thirties, when names such as T.S.

Eliot, W.H. Auden, Ezra Pound, Stephen Spender, Louis MacNeice, Barker, Karl Shapiro and Randal Jarrell were exerting a telling influence.

Moreover, Canada itself was changing — in the great building programmes in and around Montreal (not least at McGill itself, one of whose schemes resulted in the superb McLennan Library) and, more ominously, in the growth of separatism that was about to rock, in Pierre Trudeau's words, ‘the smug complacency’ of English-Canada, the Canada of the WASPS (‘White, Anglo-Saxon and Protestant’) and of the Roman Catholic Church, a party to the ‘Quiet Revolution’.

Leonard was keen to assert his own lead in that movement, for it was during this time that he was compiling his second book (five years after the first)The Spice-Box Of Earth , which was published in 1961 to great critical acclaim.

If Let Us Compare Mythologies is a young man's book, this is one (though still of a young man, at 26) that offers poetic  maturity, whose lyrics are charged with that mellow wistfulness, that trembling of angst , that vibration of incipient guilt and the plunging sensuality of a knowing, searching man; a book whose range — for all that — is narrower than Let Us Compare Mythologies .

As Professor Pacey then judged him, ‘easily the most promising in this group of young poets.’

The spice-box itself is one of the most suggestive symbols in Judaism; one which forcefully elucidates the Sabbath festivities, or at least their completion.

Whatever we may make of Leonard's Judaism, he is a man seized by its traditions, its scriptures and their imagery.

His mind is replete with it, and no real understanding of it, as expressed in poetry or song, should omit it.

In the simple Sabbath ceremonies, much of Judaism's genius finds expressive recollection.

It is a wonderful experience to sit with him in the quiet peacefulness of his home, the table cleared (in addition to having had the house duly cleaned by his ‘daily’) to make room for the Sabbath candles, its bread and wine.

Most of all to listen to that deep reflective voice reciting the blessings, in Hebrew; a service which touches the very soul of the traditions, as well as the souls of those who are privileged to share them with him.

‘The Sabbath is made for man,’ and with its unpretentious yet pregnant ceremony a special grace overcomes those present.

The incense-burner of old Israel, the besamin , is no longer; the violent fury of man against the Chosen People has done its work and eliminated many of the ceremonies and practices.

Replacing them at a familial level, the spice-box has taken its place, sometimes simple, sometimes ornate; a witness to the fragrance of that Sabbath grace that lingers still.

Whether Leonard shares the old belief that the spice-box also honours Adam, who was supposed to have been bestowed with a ‘higher soul’ on the Sabbath, we cannot say.

But it is certain that he, like the Jews of old, knows that, ‘we are the Adam of our souls’; each has its own opportunities, each its own triumphs, failures and guilts.

He bears witness to this, and to the whole man (as ever), with particular distinction in this new book.

Scobie is surely right when, with regard to Let Us Compare Mythologies he says that the title ‘seems to indicate that Cohen himself regarded the religious sense as the primary one’— which in The Spice-Box Of Earth becomes completely explicit and even urgent.

The ceremony of the havdalah , the bidding adieu to the Sabbath, centres on the spice-box and the candle.

The blessing itself is made over a cup of wine in honour of the day (‘Blessed art Thou, O Lord our God, King of the universe, who createst divers kinds of spices’) which adds to the light of the Sabbath, symbolised by the candle, offering a fragrance and a beauty all its own.

Leonard extends this sense here in this book — to those who will read and ponder.

The book was offered with a sharp recollection of his own family, not only regarding his  father's absence of many years (whose duty it was, formally, to say the prayer), but in the dedication of the book, another link with the past broken, another mainstay, albeit distant, removed: ‘This book is dedicated to the memory of my grandmother Mrs Lyon Cohen, and to the memory of my grandfather Rabbi Solomon Klinitsky.’

The familial links are not wanting in the poetry either.

Beautiful is the one titled ‘Priests 1957’(in honour of the family name, as well as its traditions and responsibilities;The Spice-Box Of Earth , p78):

Beside the brassworks my uncle grows sad,

discharging men to meet the various crises.

He is disturbed by greatness

and may write a book.

My father died among old sewing machines,

echo of bridges and water in his hand.

I have his leather books now

and startle at each uncut page.

Cousins in the factory are unhappy.

Adjustment is difficult, they are told.

One is consoled with a new Pontiac,

one escapes with Bach and the folk-singers.

Must we find all work prosaic

because our grandfather built an early synagogue?

His tone is one of sadness, of a great day now passed, of his uncles' and cousins' deep sense of loss — which he shared — of the death of his father (again), and of the disenchantment with their present, pedestrian lives in the light of the splendid triumphs of the past.

(The reference to one escaping with ‘Bach and the folk-singers’ is to himself.)

It haunted, it tyrannised their lives, not least his own.

As he said (through the journal of his grandfather)‘I will never be free from this old tyranny: I believe with a perfect faith…’(which is how the statement of faith called the 13 creeds begins).

But we should also note (as the critics largely did not) the positive values he inculcates in such reflections, with which he concludes his piece: ‘Must we find all work prosaic…?’

It is typical of him to assert, as Judaism does roundly, that all work is honourable; and deny that the reliance on special work and destiny (‘God's work’) elevates a man per se .

Not so! asserts our poet — there is no difference between the sacred and the secular, prayer or work (which have the same root in Hebrew); ‘oneness’ will out!

If Let Us Compare Mytholoqies marks the awakening of his poetic consciousness when the city of Montreal (and all that was in it, not excluding its female charms)‘began to jump at me,’The Spice-Box Of Earth marks the heightening of his Jewish consciousness which he  encountered in young adulthood, as a free agent abroad in the world, having to establish his own identity at a time when his own Tradition, and his position in it, began likewise to jump at him.

Noteworthy is a second dedication in this regard, of a single poem to Marc Chagall (also a Russian Jew of hasidic extraction) whose rich symbolism entranced Leonard.

(Nearly 30 years after writing it Leonard was enthusiastically recommending our attendance at a Chagall exposition on Sherbrooke Street.)

Aniela Jaff has spoken of ‘the mysterious and lonely poetry,’ which she finds in Chagall's art, a ‘ghostly aspect of things that only rare individuals may see,’which very much encapsulates Leonard's work, too.

Commented Chagall himself, ‘Everything may change in our demoralised world except the heart, man's love, and his striving to know the divine.

Painting, like all poetry, has its part in the divine…’

Leonard's poem, ‘Out Of The Land Of Heaven’ majestically captures that noble spirit, as it does the depth and beauty of human love and the song to which it gives birth.

It was a consciousness of joy and pain, of celebration and concern, of thinking and feeling, of hope and despair.

Through it all the words dance like butterflies and dart like wasps.

Sandra Djwa argues that ‘its lost ideals’ are reworked as a Neo-Hasidic myth, and comments that ‘the poet as priest is forced beyond Genesis’(sic); elsewhere she adds a description of Leonard as ‘the exiled poet priest of The Spice-Box Of Earth .’

Commented Al Purdy, ‘with (this book) Cohen brought to near perfection the techniques and rhythms of his first book’; Eli Mandel — one of Canada's most astute critics — speaks of it as ‘a kind of gloss’ to the Sabbath service, noting its rich diversity in subject and tone, and emphasising that it is ‘not a random collection of lyrics.

It is unified, powerfully, by recurrent patterns and an informing theme.’

But he is wrong to say that it is a gloss — especially as a rabbinic scholium !— on the Sabbath service only, and to hang (as he does) all his review from it.

Leonard makes his own point powerfully enough by placing that very reflective ode to freedom, ‘A Kite Is A Victim’, first in the collection.

That is the emphatic point; the tone of the book, its whole direction, is thereby established.

Mandel is right about its being ‘unified powerfully’, but the principle of unity centres on ‘freedom’, not the Sabbath ceremonies (intrinsic, as they are, to Leonard's conception of freedom); which merely protects (when allowed to do so) that freedom.

The kite is the representative image of freedom, of which Scobie commented, ‘it is one of Cohen's most successful and most richly complex images’; which Ondaatje highlights as ‘symbolic of our ego and our ambition, of all that is original and free in us.’

To a child of the thirties and forties there was no better symbol.

The kite is ‘a contract of glory’, a signing between heaven and earth, which needs both parties for  its sustaining.

Though apparently free, it needs its controller; but the controller must release it to the natural powers, the wind and the air-thermals, if he wants to enjoy its flights.

It is a picture of interdependency, not mere independence; it is a freedom of restraint, not unconstrained licence.

As T.S.

Eliot remarked in another regard, ‘No association is free for the man who wants to do a good job,’ for the ‘religious’man not least, and for a Cohen most of all.

The second poem, ‘After The Sabbath Prayers’ is placed second in deference to this, directing and interpreting the symbolism of the kite.

Wholly in the spirit of that imagery is his vision of the Baal Shem's butterfly — so much like a kite!— which followed him down the hill.

A more powerful figure it would not be possible to evoke from one of Leonard's background, for it captures a significance which the kite could not: that man is only one of many free creatures, subject with them all to a higher power and influence.

The name ‘Baal Shem’ means ‘Lord (or Master) of (God's) Name’.

Though applied to others of a given authority or holiness, it refers principally to one of the most influential personages in Ashkenazi (eastern European) Judaism, who followed the Palestinian traditions (as opposed to the Babylonian ones represented in its version of the Talmud): Israel ben Eliezer (Leonard's spiritual forebear, after whom he was named)— an 18th century Pole, the founder of the Hasidic movement; one whose religious awareness was very close to that which inspired Leonard, his mother and his grandfather Klinitsky-Klein.

(This represents another divergence between Masha Cohen and her sisters-in-law.

They, as became self-conscious representatives of the Cohen tradition — austere, genteel, ‘polished’— were not taken to the spontaneous expressions of liveliness which Masha's Judaism exhibited.

Indeed, they could be offended by it.

Masha merely felt put down by the hauteur she felt, even if not intended.)

And we may see another reason for the ambiguity in Leonard: Ashkenazi Jews expressed themselves in Yiddish, which was not merely their language (resting on 16th-century Middle High German and many Slavic loan-words) but in a particular sense a reflection of their world, their universe.

Sephardic Jews, who are descended from Western Europe (Spain and Portugal; but also the Middle East and North Africa), expressed themselves through their own languages, but were always more ‘intellectual’, more philosophical — in the Aristotelian sense -more scientific and commercial, and more open to syncretism (e.g. with Islamic and Christian modes of thought) than their Eastern brethren.

But it was that cultural milieu , as expressed through the left-wing Federico Garçia Lorca, that Leonard reacted to and espoused in his youth!

In it collided two incompatible forces, mental and emotional, alienating him from his own tradition — to which he was deeply fettered.

The BeSHT — ben Eliezer is known by that acronym — produced a shock-wave of such proportions in Judaism that it has still not recovered from him.

It is said that his influence came through his extraordinary power, both learned and ‘uncanny’, to rearrange suggestively the letters of the divine Name (the Tetragrammaton: YHWH), which are so sacrosanct that they are considered to be unpronounceable.

‘The Name’ has been the Holy of Holies to all Jews since it was given to Moses as a special revelation of the divine essence; all other holinesses merely subserve it.

We find allusive reference to it from time to time in Leonard's writings and songs — always with a frisson of awe.

Ben Eliezer was able to channel some of that power, by which Jewry worldwide was hugely influenced.

He was by profession a melamed , a Hebrew school-teacher, not even of rabbinic standing.

But so seized was he by the divine knowledge, so ‘evangelistically’ fixed with its potency, that his exploits on its behalf quickly created his legend.

In essence his message was very simple, as the products of such geniuses tend to be.

It was, ‘Love God, love the Law, love mankind.’

It gave rise not only to a new religious movement of tremendous vitality, but also to tales of miracles and wonders.

Moreover, he was a warm-blooded man, who respected and enjoyed his humanity, and sought to encourage his followers to do so too.

Judaism, as we have seen, has always emphasised the wholeness of man's nature and sought to sustain it.

The BeSHT did more; he promoted it to a higher level of importance; he confirmed and extended the principle of enjoyment, bringing it much more centrally in to the people's worship as a sense of divine gladness.

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

The everyday things of life were the greatest gifts to ben Eliezer; even as the human heart was the most appropriate place of worship.

Two Hasidic sayings exemplify this particularly: ‘The best synagogue is the human heart,’ and ‘The heart is half prophet.’

Jonathan Eibeschutz, a Polish authority on the Cabala, similarly commented when he said, ‘Man's heart is the holy of holies.’

It adds significantly to Masha Cohen's constant advice to her son throughout his life: ‘follow your little heart.’

Prayer itself therefore had to be personal, spontaneous and joyous.

The felicity of God was not a piece of theological reasoning, but an essential part — a large and essential part — of God's being and the world's essence.

So The Spice-Box Of Earth teems with this joyous response; it fills one's nostrils with its fragrance; it delights one's palate with its savouriness.

Even as the BeSHT delighted his listeners  with his pearls of wisdom, his stunning turns-of-phrase, his aphoristic acuity, so Leonard was learning his own, parallel metier; the butterfly was following him down the hill.

The negative side of all this was ben Eliezer's polemics against straight-faced, over-serious rabbinism; against those whose understanding of God's nature was austere and unfatherly; those who, while seeking to elevate the Most High, merely put him out of touch with his own children; debarred them from his welcoming presence by a system or learning that became ‘frivolous’ in its intensity: not that its perpetrators could be frivolous: black was their colour, even as severity was their posture — as becomes the frozen-in-soul.

For such, God only frowns on the world, and stirs it to judgment; the butterfly cannot break loose into flight; it merely expires, as Leonard expressed it, ending ‘its life in three flag-swept days.’

‘It was hard for Satan alone to mislead the whole world,’ declared the grandson of the BeSHT, Nachman of Bratislava, in one of his more caustic diatribes, ‘so he appointed rabbis in different locations.’

And not only rabbis, one might add, but priests and nuns, monks, ministers and bishops!

The BeSHT became so influential that the leaders of the people, the power-manipulators and self-appointed guardians of the Law, had no alternative but to do what their like has always done to those who broke loose, butterfly-like: They excommunicated him; marginalised his usefulness; neutered his religious potency: ‘A prophet is not without honour…’

Now one of the interesting cameos of God's providence, prominently found in the Talmud and among the Hasidim, is the idea that in every generation are 36 tsadihim , pious or righteous men, who (though unknown) keep the world going.

The Hasidim idealised them, regarded them as intermediaries between God and his world.

They are the Saints (the Lamed-vov tsadihim , the 36 saints) who perpetuate the principles of compassion and kindness which sustain life.

This pity, compassion or mercy, is quintessentially Jewish hasidic; to such God is essentially the God of Mercy and Compassion.

As against that central epithet of the rabbis, the justice of God, they posited the creative, life-giving and life-nurturing aspect of mercy .

Sainthood and mercy are entities of the most considerable sort in Leonard Cohen's work, as we shall see.

Stephen Scobie, in emphasising the motif of sainthood in Leonard's writing, completely omits reference to this key Jewish emphasis, which would have prevented him from some of his more questionable comments, such as the reference to them as ‘social outcasts’.

Whether that is so in other societies, which is highly questionable, is irrelevant.

Their rejection did not make of them ‘social outcasts’(save to the unseeing) but raised their mark intensely: they were closest to God.

In Judaism they were venerated — which is the position they obtain in Leonard's writing.

It is difficult to comprehend to what extent Leonard felt the sense of this over-arching, life-elevating principle.

But it is very clear that it is present, though at times its influence waxed and waned.

It is surely part of the ambiguity of his person, as well as of his work, whether ‘priestly’ or ‘prophetic’.

What, after all, is the difference between a priest acting in the highest sense of his vocation, or a prophet compelled into declamation, or such a saint (even unknowing), opening himself up to the mercies of God, becoming a channel for them to the world?

One thing is certain, that those of them — priests, prophets or saints — who did so respond, were usually rejected.

Not made ‘outsiders’ as Scobie argues, but marginalised, neutered: precisely because they were too near the centre of things; dangerous catalysts.

‘It is better that one man should die…’ was not infrequently their lot.

Said Leonard, at the point of disclosure (‘After The Sabbath Prayers’,The Spice-Box Of Earth , p10):

And how truly great

A miracle this is, that I,

Who this morning saw the Baal Shem's butterfly

Doing its glory in the sun,

Should spend this night in darkness,

Hands pocketed against the flies and cold.

It was never different.

It is difficult to react adequately to George Woodcock's silly comment that in Leonard's first two books of poetry ‘the thirties urge to relate the imagery of poetry to the world we live in, as the world we dream, might never have existed.’

Spender's and Auden's world for example, as well as their views of it, were broken on the anvil of history; that ideology was bankrupted — and they themselves acknowledged it and moved on.

Poets do not necessarily have to be commentators on the historic present; there is a world within as well as a world without.

Leonard believed that they interconnected more than he is given credit for; he chose to speak of that one within, though not absolutely.

The generation that rediscovered the existential was precisely the one best fitted to look and think ‘within’, which is not unrealism, but a different form of realism — and one unavoidable to such as Leonard, given the horrors inflicted on his own people by the most ‘culturally advanced’ nation of the day.

A.M. Klein, a Jewish Montreal poet of considerable skill understood the matter, as Woodcock could not:

Not sole was I born, but entire genesis:

for to the father that begat me, this

Body is residence.

Corpuscular,

They dwell in my veins…

(‘A Psalm Touching Genealogy ’)

If Leonard appeared in his first book to invite comparisons, now he made statements, claims, and most of all, confessions.

Ondaatje perceived this and described the book as being ‘far nastier and more frightening’ than Flowers For Hitler ; but the choice of words is unjust: there is nothing nasty or frightening about honest observation.

Such value-judgments surely arise out of the critics' disappointment at finding negative aspects in an otherwise positive projection, an  all-too-human aspiration for avoiding reality which Leonard refuses to do, to his great cost.

Manzano has drawn attention to a real difference when he says (of both these first books), ‘In general Cohen is lyrical in his writings when he refers to himself, and anarchistic when he confronts the outside world,’ a comment which becomes more fully justified as time goes by, though Leonard's anarchism remained personal and mainly verbal.

He is wont to talk of the new vision that Lorca's poetry gave to him; ‘here is my landscape,’ he exclaimed repeatedly.

But that other ‘landscape’, quieter perhaps, but like an underground stream, unconscious and very persistent, never failed to obtrude itself on him: ‘It is strange that even now prayer is my natural language,’ he said, in ‘Lines From My Grandfather's Journal’(The Spice-Box Of Earth, p10) which powerfully reflect his own self-questionings; the ‘tyranny’was asserting itself.

He went on to speak of it thus:

My journal is filled with combinations.

I adjust prayer like the beads of an abacus…

Thou…

The language in which I was trained:spoken in despair of priestliness (our italics)…

In my work I meant to love you, but my voice dissipated…

I played with the idea that I was Messiah…’

And yet he speaks with painful recollection of the sense of alienation he felt at times, ‘…

I stood outside my community, like the man who took many steps on Sabbath’;(concluding)‘I will never be free from this tyranny.’

But it is not a conclusion: ‘All my family were priests, from Aaron to my father,’ suggesting that on the family's spice-box should be inscribed (as was the old custom):

Lead your priest

from grave to vineyard.

Lay him down

where earth is sweet.

Even in death he is willing to work at the vine (the biblical symbol of the Chosen People), suggesting in ‘Credo’ that the work, however unlikely it appears, is going on; ‘the holy promised land’is being peopled: ‘the feet of fierce or humble priests trample out the green’; he among them, despite putative evidence to the contrary.

We should note that it is the spice-box of earth .

Among the exquisitely pungent thoughts of self, of responsibility and tradition, stands the one who was powerfully driven by his sensual nature, by his personal loneliness, by the intense need to be one not only with the One, but also with the many in human completion.

Indeed, as we shall presently see, the two great intimacies — as ever — sharply reacted with each other, strengthening the conflict, heightening the ambiguity, posing in ever more painful interjections the question, ‘Who am I?’

One cannot write of ‘the real world’ till such a question has been answered.

It is this question which is the ultimate one; the others are a screen to hide modern man from his real self, as T.S.

Eliot found.

Yet there is a deeper, yet more exultant sense of the delights of love, of its mellifluous sensuality, in this second book than in the first; though Scobie overstates his case when he claims it as ‘nothing more than a joyous celebration (of love) richly seasoned.’

(His view of sex seems to suffer from the same ‘Pharisaical’, constraints that ben Eliezer fought against, when he condemns ‘Celebration’ as ‘a failure of tone,’‘portentous…imagery and the reality of the blow-job.’

It is, as is so often the case in criticism of Leonard's work, a travesty of Pope's high standards, a supra-imposing of the critic's personal standards not dispassionate appraisal.)

There are fine expressions of true sensuality in this book, and great gratitude to those he left behind: Anne (in ‘For Anne’); Annie (in ‘Now Of Sleeping’); Betty (in ‘The Boy's Beauty’:for Betty , his italics); and beyond those unnamed lovers of yesteryear, not a few who responded to his charm and wit.

Longing was the key: ‘I long to hold some lady,’ a longing that was inexhaustible, tumultuous and yet ardently romantic.

It finds full expression in ‘When I Uncover Your Body’(The Spice-Box Of Earth , p39):

When I uncovered your body

I thought shadows fell deceptively,

urging memories of perfect rhyme.

I thought I could bestow beauty

like a benediction and that your half-dark flesh

would answer to the prayer.

I thought I understood your face

because I had seen it painted twice

or a hundred times, or kissed it

when it was carved in stone.

With only a breath, a vague turning,

you uncovered shadows

more deftly than I had flesh,

and the real and violent proportions of your body

made obsolete old treaties of excellence,

measures and poems,

and clamoured with a single challenge of personal beauty,

which cannot be interpreted or praised:

it must be met.

In its fulfilment Leonard found solace from the angst which gnawed at his soul, a sublime escape from the rigorous demands imposed upon him.

He is the poet par excellence (and later, the singer/ songwriter par excellence ) of the two great intimacies — woman and God -because he found refuge from the One in the other; when accidie impinged, Cupid intervened.

Eros is, after all, not so far from Agape in the pantheon of the heart.

Another expression of this psychic force is found in the cynicism and bitterness he displayed from time to time when he grumbles about the dark, the flies and the cold; but other references are very much stronger, e.g. ‘The Cuckold's Song’ etc).

This is not new to Canadian poetry, as Desmond Pacey declares, not least of A.J. M. Smith's poetry.

‘Smith's chief themes are loneliness, and death, fear and renunciation…nowhere in modern poetry can one find such concentrated agony.’

An aspect omitted by Dudek in his description of Smith's work.

In a later book (Book Of Mercy , 1984) Leonard speaks of ‘the two shields of bitterness and hope,’ once again contradictions emerging, complementaries offered, by which the psychological and spiritual mechanisms of ‘balance’and ‘equilibrium’are secured.

The reason for the exultation, the explanation of how this sense of craving had been mollified and a sense of sexual peace bestowed on the lyrics was simple: Marianne had come into his arms; that golden apparition of loveliness, that lithe, sensuous, intelligent being of intuition and sympathy; a gift of the gods to rank — and outrank — anything so far told in the surrounding mythology of his adopted Greek homeland!

He has memorialised their encounter and its temporary effect upon his deeper self, the depths of feeling he had for her, in his significantly titled poem ‘Destiny’(Flowers for Hitler ):

Destiny has fled and I settle for you

who found me staring at you in a store

one afternoon four years ago

and slept with me every night since.

How do you find my sailor eyes after all this time?

Am I what you expected?

Are we together too much?

Did Destiny shy at the double Turkish towel,

our knowledge of each other 's skin,

our love which is a proverb on the block,

our agreement that in matters spiritual

I should be the Man of Destiny 

and you should be the Woman of the House?

Perhaps nowhere else is the mood and tone of love more beautifully expressed than in his poem ‘Beneath My Hands’(The Spice-Box Of Earth ):

Beneath my hands

your small breasts

are the upturned bellies

of breathing fallen sparrows.

Whenever you move

I hear the sounds of closing wings

of falling wings.

I am speechless

because you have fallen beside me

because your eyelashes

are the spines of tiny fragile animals.

The sense of delight, of gentle wonder, the startled realisation of his sense of her bodily perfection and spiritual grace is consummated not merely in their mutual passion but more enduringly in that oneness which is beyond time and space, which understands the fragility of love as well as its strengths, its ethereal qualities as well as its physical needs.

To the musician in Leonard she was a melody, to the poet a lyric, to the singer a song: poetry in motion and melodiously sweet.

It is not surprising that he found in addition to writing about her, he had to sing about her, too.

Irving Layton found it too much, this eximious union of contrasts.

Even his extraordinarily fecund language struggled to reassert the recollection: ‘the ideal couple,’‘the beautiful inspiration,’‘illusion and reality,’(by which he meant that it was simply too good to be true; too perfect to last — a forbidding afterthought).

For her intelligence, beauty and charm he had the highest admiration; it evoked a poem ‘Party At Hydra:For Marianne ’.

She was the sort of woman to evoke poems, from Leonard not least, and lastingly.

The spice-box is delectable in its fragrance, Chagallian in its rich mixture of images and responses.

As Leonard expressed it in the poem which — in title and texture counterbalances the title of the book:

Out of the land of heaven Down comes the warm Sabbath sun.

As in Jacob's dream of old the movement is from earth to heaven.

The words he uses leap and tumble over each other to catch the exultant mood: ‘dancing’, ‘brandishing’, ‘chanting’, ‘leaping’ and — most important of all —‘gathering’.

The questor was beginning to find, the traveller beginning to arrive, the searcher beginning to secure.

Or was he?

ROCK /Definite articles: LLoyd Bradley on The The at the Town & Country

By LLOYD BRADLEY

UP UNTIL Mind Bomb it was easy to see why Matt Johnson had never toured The The during its 10-year life span: the group was never more than a shifting collection of session players and ‘guests’, songs so devoted to doom and gloom limited audiences to Exit members, the lunacy of the extended format Infected video implied visions far beyond the confines of the stage, and an inflated sense of his own worth would have made the risk of failure too great.

But the new album changed all that, with gutsy, chart-orientated pop music, spiced by thought-provoking lyrics.

Built around this album, The The at the Town & Country provided as near perfect a late-Eighties rock show as anyone could want.

The PA was the same system The Eurythmics used at Wembley and offered clarity and balance.

Ex-Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr worked perfectly with Johnson, adding both inspired flights of fancy and substance to the rhythms.

Drums and bass were as solid as they come and the keyboards filled in any gaps.

While concert performance cannot reproduce all the subtleties of a recording, the band was drilled to precision and communicated the necessary edge with solid strength.

After a two-handed version of ‘Beat(en) Generation’(Marr and Johnson)— its natural swagger becoming almost music-hall syncopation — they dipped into the four-album back catalogue with aplomb.

‘Out Of The Blue’ was fractured in the extreme, ‘Heartland’became a loose-limbed skank, and Marr more than proved his worth on ‘Violence of Truth’.

Good as the concert was, it was rather too middle of the road for a tour titled ‘The The vs The World’ and, sadly for fans of the more paranoid earlier work, Johnson's attempts to darken the proceedings ended up looking silly.

By not uttering a word to the audience, then keeping the stage shrouded in smoke, lit only from the back in lurid purple, orange and red, and reducing the band to shadowy figures looming out of a fog, he put so much distance between them and anybody past the regulation front-of-stage pogoers that attention easily wandered.

And the over-use of an extra microphone, giving his voice the qualities of a US TV cop with a bull horn, made many of the lyrics unintelligible, removing the thrust of his carefully-penned portraits of despair.

Under the weight of such cliches, The The were about as dangerous as the average heavy metal band.

Still, the level of maturity achieved in the studio, combined with the musical excellence on stage, suggests these irritations may still be ironed out.

INTERVIEW /Academician in peril: John Cale, Velvet Underground graduate, has just written an orchestral suite.

Martin Aston met him

By MARTIN ASTON

NICO, PATTI SMITH, The Stooges, Jonathan Richman, La Monte Young, John Cage, Nick Drake, Eno, Squeeze, Happy Mondays — John Cale's CV is studded with the most intriguing of collaborations; he has traversed more ground and confused more expectations than the average musician has a right to.

The fields of classical music, the avant-garde, pop, rock and ambient music have all felt Cale's impact, and he has has zig-zagged between careers as a producer and A&R man and a composer of film soundtracks.

But Cale is always likely to be best remembered for his work alongside Lou Reed in the The Velvet Underground.

‘I still kind of don't believe it,’ Cale mumbles into his sleeve, although modesty is not one of his foremost traits; frankness, bravery and literacy are.

Nearly two decades after his first solo album, and four years since his last, Cale has signed to the Opal company (run by his old friend Brian Eno) who have just released Words for the Dying, the bulk of which is Cale's first extended classical work, The Falklands Suite.

‘I figured I'd better get started before I ended up like Brahms or something,’ he deadpans in a voice that betrays his Welsh origins (he was born in 1942 in Garnant) rather than the last 25 years living in New York.

The 30-minute score for orchestra and boy's choir completes more than one personal circle.

The suite's core is a setting of four Dylan Thomas poems while the work as a whole finally makes good young Cale's music lessons, when he diligently mastered the viola as well as the high church organ.

But on escaping from Wales to study music at Goldsmith's College in London under the auspices of Aaron Copland, Cale decided that ‘the best thing for a classical musician in London at that time was to get involved in avant-garde.

I didn't know The Rolling Stones had started playing just down by the river.’

Regular correspondence with the revered minimalist La Monte Young introduced him to the Dadaist movement Fluxus, but by the time he had won a Leonard Bernstein scholarship to the Berkshire School of Music in Massachusetts, ‘I felt I'd run my course as far as the avant-garde was concerned’.

The dream ticket to America led to Lou Reed's primitive melodies and documentary realism, not John Cage.

Not that that prevented Cale from screaming at a potted plant sitting on his piano, or suddenly demolishing a table beside his stool with an axe in mid-performance.

‘A lot of the things I did were done for shock value.

But when I joined the Velvet Underground, then it became a little bit more subliminal.

Something I always liked about Lou's lyrics was their unstated threat.’

The post-Velvets solo albums dealt with the experimental, from Vintage Violence's California-light pop and rock mix and Church of Anthrax's systems music collaboration with Terry Riley, to The Academy in Peril's sombre classical brew and Paris 1919's lavish romanticism.

The trio of mid-Seventies snarl-toothed rock albums, Fear, Slow Dazzle and Helen of Troy were the best-received work of his career.

Cale became famous for violent demonstrations on stage; there were plenty of screams, stage props, a green surgeon's outfit, the odd tooth-spitting, the beheaded (but long dead) chicken episode which lost him half his band, the time he wore the Cambridge Rapist's mask…

The classical piece Cale always claimed was in him never emerged, mainly because the showman in him wouldn't let it go: ‘there was just so much chaos going on, in my personal and creative life, that I couldn't finish…

As the shows progressed, it got more outlandish.’

What frustrated his old fans was that when he went it more or less alone, as on 1982's masterfully stark and turbulent Music For A New Society, Cale produced what he also regards as his best album, ‘because all the old pain was right there.’

The four year hiatus has been a good old-fashioned period of reappraisal; he's learnt to become a good father, he says, while the composing has flourished.

His ballet music Sanctus and Carnival and self-explanatory Four Sketches For String Quartet have been performed, he supervised the film soundtrack for Jonathan Demme's Something Wild, and a Canadian documentary on the Falklands has already used Cale's score.

The choir came via Llandaff Cathedral Choir School, but (through Opal's Moscow connections) the Orchestra of Symphonic and Popular Music of Gostelradio recorded the suite.

After premiering in Amsterdam in 1987, Cale dropped its piano and pedal steel parts —‘the cabaret aspect’— because, ‘the Soviets played it better than I'd ever imagined, with so much passion.

They dug out every inch of expression.’

Cale also had misgivings about setting Thomas's poems to music, ‘because they sound really beautiful and I didn't know whether I could take something with so much noise in them, so much built-in jazz, and maintain it.’

Out of nine poems he set to music, Cale eventually chose four, ‘that seemed to hang together, especially ‘Lie Still, Sleep Becalmed’.

It all became a kind of tribute to the Falklands which was going on at the time of writing.

We'd get to one poem four or five days into the war, or after The Belgrano or Sir Galahad, and then you have ‘Lie Still’…which is sombre, like a tribute, and then the others, like ‘Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night’, which started off as a camp throwaway as a tango; but the poems put together with an orchestra gives them much more depth.’

Besides two short piano pieces from Sanctus, Words For The Dying also includes the luminous The Soul of Carmen Miranda, one of three spontaneous and highly promising recordings with Eno that will set the tone for the next album, ‘a rock'n'roll record I can be happy with because the percussion won't hit me over the head.’

Projects with long-term Dylan sidekick Bob Nuewirth, Ralph Steadman (a theatrical version of ‘The Big I Am’ book) and contributions to William Burrough's new album are all underway, but the collaboration with Lou Reed is the one most people will be waiting for.

Songs For ‘Drella, their 14-song tribute to mentor Andy Warhol, who subsidised The Velvet Underground, will be performed at the Brooklyn Academy of Music Festival in November before the pair enter the studio.

Cale talks solemnly about unfinished business, ‘in terms of the arrangements that we worked so hard on on that first Velvet Unferground album.

I don't think Lou remembers how hard we worked, but it was every weekend for 18 months, going over and over these songs until we had all these dismembered arrangements we became famous for.

There's going to be a real tug-of-war: ‘here comes the past, and is it going to take over?’.

But we'll see.’

RECORDS /Girls next door

By JIM WHITE

KYLIE MINOGUE Enjoy Yourself (PWL Records HF9) According to a poll in the magazine Just 17, Kylie Minogue is the person most young girls in Britain would like to be.

Two million of them bought her first album (and probably bought all the tracks when they were released as singles as well) thus, in a self-fulfilling arc, making her very rich indeed, and even more enviable.

A sensible choice as a young girl's role model, she appears to be so attainable; nothing particularly talented, beautiful or clever about her, just a pleasant-looking girl-next-door who won the pools when she met Stock, Aitken and Waterman.

In her second album, which takes a sensibly modest manifesto for its title, the mix is as before; you will hear all the tracks over the next few months if you follow the charts.

The songs exhibit change of pace, from disco shake to waltz, but it is difficult to marry the lyrics to the rhythm at which they are sung.

This poetic sentence for instance, should it be quick or slow?

‘You can't keep me hangin' on /Now the magic's gone’.

A trick question: as it happens it appears on a sort of in-between track.

This is pop music without guts, without pattern or consistent thought, sung by a voice as thin and weedy, if the sleeve photo is to be believed, as the performer's own physique.

No parent in Britain should be remotely alarmed if their daughters are Kylie fans.

Which is probably the most offensive thing about her.

LIZA MINNELLI Results (Epic EPC 4655111) After toying with Dusty Springfield, the Pet Shop Boys have linked up with another old trouper and produced a scorching collection.

‘I want you now /I won't take no for an answer,’ runs the first line, and who are we to object?

Liza sings it to reverberate round the Albert Hall and the final syllable has more tone and depth than Kylie manages in a whole album.

Despite the up-front vocals, it is really a Pet Shop Boys record, all but three of the tracks are their compositions.

The exceptions are Stephen Sondheim's ‘Losing My Mind’, which was a Top 10 single, the old Motown number ‘Love Pains’ and, rather curiously, Tanita Tikaram's ‘Twist In My Sobriety’, presumably reprised as a nod to Liza's unhappy past acquaintance with the bottle.

Even on these, though, the Tennant and Lowe arrangement replaces the lush Nelson Riddle-style orchestral arrangements she is used to with something called ‘Fairlight Programming’.

The lyrics, too, have a recognisable touch of PSB cynicism, but are perfectly tailored to Liza's strengths: ‘I love you, you pay my rent,’ she sings on a number you could just imagine undermining the foundations at Caesar's Palace, Las Vegas.

JULIA FORDHAM Porcelain (Circa 10)‘You make me feel vulnerable and totally exposed,’ is not a lyric you would expect from Kylie Minogue, or even Liza Minnelli.

The British public appears to have an increasing appetite for the work of sensitive female singer-songwriters telling us about their tangled emotional lives, and Julia Fordham is the latest high-flier to fulfill the need.

The album's title is a rather self-conscious reference to her delicate frame of mind, and if you are of more robust taste the cover portrait of a blonde with an impossibly white complexion climbing up the wall will indicate that you should explore no further.

But if you are in mellow frame of mind, there is plenty here to be commended: a good voice, pleasant melodies, clever arrangements and, in among the depression, some light touches of humour: ‘I cried the Solent, the Tyne, the Severn and the Rhine, The Thames and The Seine over again'.

But, throughout it all, it is hard not to be reminded of the debt owed, yet again, to Carole King.

THE KINKS UK Jive (London Records 8281651) Unlike his chums, Pete Townshend and Keith Richards, Ray Davies has remained so prolific that another Kinks album isn't an event, it's another Kinks album.

This one, like all the others, shows that Ray has kept his eyes open.

There's an ecological number sung in typically spacey fashion ‘The world's spinning round, like a looney balloon’; there's an anti-Thatcher song summarising the Prime Minister's lack of sensitivity in the one charge that she doesn't like rock n roll; and, proving that they are probably the only pop band ready for the single European market, there is an EC tribute: ‘Down All The Days (to 1992)’.

In this, the line ‘Bon soir my little senorita, c'est magnifique /Au revoir, my little frauline baby, it's so tragique,’, would qualify Ray, if all else failed, as a script-writer for ‘Allo ‘Allo.

ROCK /Wicked French dressing: Absurd, brilliant performance from French Pogues: Les Negresses Vertes — Town & Country Club

By GILES SMITH

SHORTLY before the show began, four carpets were winched down behind the drums to form a backdrop.

They matched the rugs draped over the equipment on stage, so you appeared to be looking into a stall at a bazaar.

With the lights dimmed, a solo accordion played a brief, preliminary waltz.

Then somebody let the livestock loose.

If Les Negresses Vertes tend to jostle on the stage like animals being herded down a narrow street, it is partly because there are so many of them (11, when all the strays are rounded up), but also because, even as the show begins, several key members appear to be too drunk to be capable of motion in a straight line.

This might sound like irresponsibility, but, given how the performance pans out, you could also read it as professional commitment; the longer the show goes on, the more the drink goes down and, in a remarkable contradiction of physics, the tighter the playing becomes.

In fact, midway through the first song, only the size of the band dissuaded you from buying a round to speed up the process.

You only had to compare the opening version of Zobi la Mouche (lumpy drums and shuddering halts) with the neatly turned performance eventually wheeled out as an encore, to realise how this is a machine which runs the better for being well-oiled.

Les Negresses put on, above all, a comic performance where timing is at a premium.

The humour inheres not just in the daffy selection of cultural allusions (their native French accordion, some flamenco guitar, a few African horns) but also in the way they take stiff, formal tempi (waltzes and tangos) and mockingly squeeze them for their stateliness.

It also comes naturally to them to include any musical form with a sharp sense of its own absurdity; ska, for instance(there are touches of Madness here) or a hyperactive brand of rhythm and blues (they become almost a French Blues Brothers on Marcelle Ratafia).

And with all of these forms, unless the delivery is precise, the comic energy simply drains away.

Consequently things only started to get funny around four songs in, just as the band began bringing the stops off cleanly and ending in the same places.

At this point the stunt that was being pulled off in the music found its visual equivalent rising to meet it.

Helno, the singer, is possibly the worst dressed man in rock.

The yellow nylon shirt with the frothy frill amounts to an offence against taste bordering on the criminal, yet it somehow works to offset his complexion (pale blue) and the ensemble enables him to come on like a chat-show host from Hell — vast smiles and arms flung out in gestures of mock formality.

He was the worse for wear in another sense, come the end of the evening.

Misty-eyed when he first appeared he looked practically fog-bound during the closing numbers.

His voice, though, was getting stronger every minute, which might have been why he alone dispensed with the formality of leaving the stage between encores.

Like so much of the show, it gave a touching twist to the common run of things; it was as if he couldn't bear to see us go.

TELEVISION /Being beastly to beasts

By KEVIN JACKSON

PASSIONS run high when the subject of animal rights is raised; so high that the warring factions can be at odds even over ownership of key metaphors in the argument.

‘Unnecessary suffering?’, last night's Natural Concern programme (BBC 2), began with shots of the cuddly toys and cartoons with which modern children are sold the lie that ‘animals are whimsical, endearing extensions of ourselves’: the emotions which lead people to stick up for animals, that is, can be branded as essentially childish.

On the other hand, a pro-rights clergyman suggested that it is our traditional despotic treatment of the non-human creation which has been truly infantile, and that it is only in this century that we have begun to grow up a little.

The programme scrupulously refused to attribute full maturity to either faction, dwelling on the bestial acts committed by animal rights terrorists — the Bristol University bombing and so on— as well as on the vile surgical mutilations which had provoked them, and Ian Breach's presentation script was both deft and literate; a model guide through these complex issues.

But the very process of putting pictures to the argument tended to weight the case in favour of the critter lobby.

It's easy to sway the emotions by showing monkeys with their brains cut open, genetically stunted pigs or smoking beagles, less so to drag on someone suffering from a vile disease and say ‘this person will die unless we keep on chopping up small furry creatures.’

(Indeed, the anti-vivisectionists were allowed a small but notable coup on this score: Sue Crowshaw, badly disabled by rheumatoid arthritis, made a moving speech denying scientists the right to claim they were experimenting on her behalf.)

Evidently wise to this fact, vivisectionists refused the Natural Concern team access to all their experiments save for some brain operations on rats.

It seems a fair bet that Joe Public finds it as hard to feel sorry for rodents as Winston Smith did, and though these lobotomised specimens were of the cuter white kind, it was possibly to watch this sequence without feeling many qualms.

The emotional complexity of the debate was deepened by the fact that neither side had the monopoly of logic or charm: Dr Colin Blakemore, though known as ‘Dr Frankenstein' to the yellow press for having experimented on animals’ eyes, seemed reasonable, persuasive and put-upon; Douglas Hogg, MP, also on the vivisectionist side, was quite startlingly and pointlessly rude.

Perhaps the most resonant phrases in the whole debate came from the pro-rights organiser who suggested that future centuries would come to regard our attitude to animals with the same horrified disbelief we now feel for the periods which practised slavery.

In fact, the whole programme had an unsually philosophical undercurrent (quoting, for example, philosopher Mary Midgeley)— so much so that it sometimes seemed less like a current affairs report than an enquiry into a fundamental shift in Western attitudes to nature.

All in all, very far from kid's stuff.

DANCE /A burden of gravity: Judith Mackrell on The Joel Hall Dancers at the Shaw Theatre and Altynai Asylnuratova in La Bayadere

By JUDITH MACKRELL

JAZZ DANCE has caught on slowly in this country, and most of what we see is attendant on musicals, cabaret acts or pop videos.

There are few choreographers who try to develop its raw appeal — its punch, slink and sex -into independent dance.

So Joel Hall, whose Chicago-based company is currently touring an evening of jazz-derived choreography, might have proved a useful model.

But, disappointingly, Hall seems less interested in mining the rich idioms of the form (lindy-hop, tap, Broadway and disco) than in trying to smooth out its vernacular with the classy accents of ballet and modern dance.

In works like Compassion (set to Albinoni's Adagio for Strings) and Now You See It, Now You Don't (a solemn confused piece dedicated to the homeless) Hall abandons the drive and sass of works like Nightwalker for emotional and sociological uplift.

We are clued into Artistic seriousness by an arabesque or a beaten jump, into Moral seriousness by a hungry contraction or protracted lift.

And the weakness of these works is not just that Hall cannot integrate ‘arty’ steps into jazz without them looking like destitute cliches, it is that his dancers are not adequately trained to look comfortable in mainstream styles.

Watching one of them wobble through a developpe in glazed desperation or another sickle his foot in an over-extended arabesque, you feel how cruelly Hall's ambitions tax his company.

Yet the same dancers can look confident and articulate when they are performing a style that suits them.

In Nightwalker, set to a medley of Duke Ellington, Hall shows that he can dovetail a strong variety of jazz elements without looking derivative, and the men in particular pounce on his choreography with eagerness and panache.

With their coiled energy, jumps, louche shoulder work, insinuating hips and limber backs, they look like real dancers.

And Hall himself, long and loose, with his body articulated into a thousand joints, shows how naturally this style comes to him.

If the programme had continued in the vein of Nightwalker, it would have been highly recommendable but after three examples of Hall in earnest, I felt bludgeoned into beating a retreat.

Seeing a great performer dancing true to her native style is part of Altynai Asylnuratova's astonishing impact in La Bayadere.

Although the Royal Ballet has acquired a certain Russian expansiveness for this production, Kirov-trained Asylnuratova simply recasts the ballet with the fierce lucidity of her movement.

The plot's dramatic excesses, which can be comically absurd, take on a brief reality as she dances.

Other Nikiyas — Durante or Guillem — may for instance assume a charming Oriental fluidity in their arms, but only Asylnuratova's urgency and amplitude of gesture can convey the destructive extremes of Nikiya's nature.

Only she can phrase her movement so that its rhythm speaks so legibly of high spirits or despair.

And if Asylnuratova does not possess the imperturbable technique of a Guillem, the expressiveness of her dancing is matched by so mobile and luminous a face that everyone else on stage looks slightly blank.

Everyone, that is, except 20-year-old Darcey Bussell, who, as the rich fleshpot's daughter Ganzatti, stands up to Asylnuratova's presence with a staggering authority.

She paces dangerously around the stage claiming everything in sight, including Solor, with the naive greed of a woman indulged since childhood.

Technically she still has some rough edges — a peremptoriness in her phrasing, an uncertain control over her own force -but the full easy strength of her dancing and the scale of her projection promise important things to come.

THEATRE /Lovers and gamblers: Jeffrey Wainwright reviews Romeo and Juliet

By JEFFREY WAINWRIGHT

THE ACTORS march on to the stage of the New Victoria in Newcastle-under-Lyme as an Italian town band, with Chorus in a red hat and sash beating the bass drum.

It is an immediate, positive image which embodies the character of this production, and indeed of the long tradition at Peter Cheeseman's Vics Old and New.

As an image within the action of the play, however, it is soon shattered, as the Montague-Capulet brawling begins.

Anny Evason's atmospheric evocation of the Piazza del Erbe, with its salamis, live chickens, fruit barrow and cafe tables, is spectacularly wrecked as the young bloods go to it in the first of Terry King's convincing fights.

The period chosen by director Bob Eaton and his designer is late nineteenth century, enabling a potent combination of bourgeois respectability and tight-trousered machismo brought to town from the stiletto world of Cavalleria rusticana.

As the stags go play they sustain this tone, especially in the humourless hauteur of Graham Fellows's excellent Tybalt.

His foil, Mercutio, is given both lightness and intelligence by Paul McCleary, poring over a table to evoke the tiny fairyland of Queen Mab before shaping the speech outwards as she roams abroad.

Romeo has none of his friend's worldliness, and one of Timothy Welton's best moments in the part is the animal way he leans and pushes at Richard Hague's Benvolio in trying to do dying Tybalt further hurt; another is his early gaucheness approaching Juliet.

While the best thing about the lovers is the way they convey adolescent awkwardness towards each other, their sexual excitement is less marked and both underplay the eloquence of their ecstatic speeches.

Frances Fielding (as Juliet) finds her way through the conceits of Shakespeare's early verse style intelligibly, and though her voice modulates little from a high, anxious note, her portrayal of Juliet's final loneliness is still affecting.

A welcome novelty in this production is the inventive presentation of Friar Laurence.

Edward York makes him more of a Friar Larry, Romeo's dishevelled contemporary, one of the lads who has unaccountably found himself a Franciscan.

Though this means Romeo's assumption that the Friar knows nought of love seem misplaced, it does at least make his rash engagement with the lovers more comprehensible.

It is Mr York who bangs the drum in John Kirkpatrick's apparently authentic, and certainly suitable band music.

The whole cast performs with similar versatility.

If this is not a production that scales the utmost heights of passion, it is one that is thoroughly realised by a team well worthy of the traditions of the house.

MUSIC /Flamboyant fantasy: Philharmonia /Salonen — City Hall, Newcastle

By WADHAM SUTTON

BALAKIREV'S Oriental fantasy Islamey exists in several versions — the composer's original, for piano solo, and at least two orchestral transcriptions, one by Lyapunov (a pupil of both Balakirev and Tchaikovsky), the other by the Italian Alfredo Casella.

The piano version is a tour de force demanding the prodigious technique of a Brendel or a Cherkassky.

The transcriptions are no less taxing, with virtuoso writing for all the orchestra.

In Newcastle on Tuesday, the challenges of Lyapunov's scoring were met magnificently by the Philharmonia under the young Finnish conducter Esa-Pekka Salonen.

The leader's chair was occupied by the familiar and welcome figure of Bradley Creswick, who recently moved to the Philharmonia from the Newcastle-based Northern Sinfonia.

Islamey is a dangerous work with which to start a concert, the agitato semi-quavers of the opening bars requiring considerable precision from an orchestra which has not had time to warm up.

The Philharmonia carried it off well.

The frantic whirl of the outer sections framed a warm and full-blooded Andantino with some clear woodwind playing, while the well-handled lowering of dynamic in the final pages permitted an exhilarating ascent to Lyapunov's noisy ending.

Islamey was followed by a rather quirky performance of Beethoven's Third Piano Concerto, in which the soloist was the 22-year-old Olli Mustonen, a compatriot of the conductor.

Comparisons are sometimes drawn between this work and Mozart's great K491 Concerto in the same key, which Beethoven is known to have played and admired.

The similarities, however, are mostly in matters of device (the piano arpeggios in the first movement Coda, for example, and the six-eight ending of the Rondo, tragic in Mozart, brilliant in Beethoven).

Mozart's heroic brand of oratory is very different from Beethoven's much more robust variety.

Mr Mustonen is a young man of flamboyant gesture, and his constant rolling body movements, even when he was not actually playing, soon became irritating.

In his hands the concerto was over-dramatic, his tendency in the louder passages to attack the keys from some height with a hard pecking action, and to shorten the staccato and overdo the sforzandi, being foreign to Beethoven's style.

Even in the central Largo, for the most part sensitively played, he risked a quite unidiomatic accelerando which, miraculously, the orchestra paralleled.

Mozart would not have survived the treatment.

Somehow Beethoven did, though it was not, one feels, a reading he would have approved.

The concert finished with Stravinsky's Rite of Spring.

The story of its ill-fated Paris premiere in 1913, which provoked fighting in the audience, is well known.

As it has become familiar over the years, the constant discord and the rhythmic complexities have ceased to shock.

Tuesday's performance was outstanding, vivid and of surpassing clarity.

The orchestra was in stunning form.

As for the conductor, Mr Salonen is making the going just now.

On this showing, it is easy to see why.

MUSIC /Guiding hands: Gothic Voices — Wigmore Hall

By TESS KNIGHTON

IT SEEMS that even in its own time the thirteenth-century motet was considered by many to be a sophisticated, subtle genre, only likely to appeal to the literati.

That these generally complex, polytextual pieces can today appeal to an almost capacity house at the Wigmore Hall is largely due to two factors: the superb singing of Gothic Voices, and the ability of their director, Christopher Page, to unlock the musical secrets of the past.

Over the years, Page has established himself as a medieval raconteur, delighting his audience with tales of, say, thirteenth-century Paris; but anecdotes aside, he has also been refining the presentation and programming so that, almost without realising it, his audiences learn a good deal about the often totally unfamiliar music being performed.

This concert, part of the Early Music Centre Festival, was one of the most overtly educative so far, with even, at one point, an illustrated guide to composing a motet in five easy stages.

Yet there is nothing condescendingly didactic in Page's manner, nor anything textbookish about Gothic Voices' performance.

Beyond this, what might appear just to be a way of illustrating how motets were put together — singing the two or three different, often highly contrasted melodies individually before putting them together as a polyphonic, multi-texted whole — may equally well represent a valid reflection of the manner in which they were originally performed.

More often than not, each melodic line stands perfectly well by itself, and hearing it thus at least lends something of the sense of familiarity and recognition that the thirteenth-century literati might have enjoyed if they attempted to disentangle aurally the separate strands of the motet.

The members of Gothic Voices (on this occasion five, of whom two were singing with the group for the first time) sing these melodies — often complex and wide-ranging — as if they really love them; sensitive to the ebb and flow of the text, they nurture unexpected melodic twists, always allowing the structure to unfold and mould.

Of the purely monophonic items included in the programme, Can vei la lauzeta mover was movingly performed by Leigh Nixon, while Rogers Covey-Crump brought out perfectly the sophistications of the courtly love-song Autres que je ne seuill fas.

Page's choice of motets illustrated how the different texts could be closely interrelated — as in Par un matinct l'autrier /He bergier /He sire /Eius, which could be summarised as ‘aspects of pastoral love’— or how each might furnish a satirical commentary on the other — as in Ypocrite pseudopontifices /O quam sancta /Et gaudebit, with its antithetical opinions of the high clergy.

In the former, the emotional trefoil — disdain, envy, indignation — might have been more decisively distinguished, though, it is true, the melodies themselves were not so clearly differentiated.

The contrast, however, between the patter song of invective against the ecclesiastical hierarchy and the dignified paean to that estate was exploited to the full.

The Early Music Centre Festival continues at the Wigmore Hall this evening (Friday 6 October) with the Gabrieli Consort and Players, and on Saturday (7 October) with Emma Kirkby and Anthony Rooley.

Electronics World + Wireless World September 1991 £1.95

Computing

What's in a graphics file?

Hypothesis

Why power lines kill

Circuits

The very best from the US

Development

Working with DSP

Design

Scientific magnetometer

Contents

Features

726 Cover: Fluxgate magnetometery

Measuring the directions of the Earth's magnetic field provides the basis of an electronic compass while the strength of the field says much about solar activity — a factor important to HF radio propagation.

Richard Noble describes a science quality instrument.

738 What's in a graphics file?

David Bacon looks into the proliferation of complex graphical file formats and explains their structure and how information is transferred.

743 Review — Table Curve

Manually adding best-fit curves to data plots can be laborious and prone to error.

But Don Bradbury reviews TableCurve and finds it has all the right lines.

747 PC Review: Hard to resist?

Rescalc 2.0 resistor calculator has been much improved since its original release.

Ben Duncan analyses the differences.

759 A toolbox for DSP engineering

Allen Brown looks at how to choose the best DSP engineering tools for application in a fast-developing market.

764 Lessons in applied science

Some of the most exciting and practical research in electrical, electronic, fibre optic and communications engineering is being carried out at London's Kings College.

Andy Gothard reports.

774 Killing fields: a cause?

Living close to overhead power lines may increase the risk of cancer.

Harold Aspden hypothesis on cyclotron resonance as the cause.

777 Waves, wind and the Teredo worm

Plans for global communications now often seem to rest on the semantics of international standards.

Greg Grant looks back to the Victorian adventurers who conquered nature to put a communication girdle around the world.

788 Who designed this?

How close is the innovative audio circuit patented by Matsushita in 1983 to the Class S amplifier designed by Aubrey Sandman in 1982.

Dr Sandman presents his case.

Regulars

715 Comment

Analogue changes

716 Update

Getting the measure of superconducting buckyballs, is £420m enough for EC R&D?

720 Research notes

Discovering new galaxies, superconducting in a perfect world, the coldest place on earth, fast SiGe devices, high speed low power flip-flop, and did you know…

743 Letters

Cuk vs Buck, watching HDTV, whither Class D, Ferrite aerial response, telepointless?, any old valves, light hearted.

748 Circuits, Systems and designs

In the first of a regular series, we bring together some of the practical designs and circuits which first appeared in the US magazine EDN.

753 Circuit ideas

Sound sampler filter, multimeter as frequency meter, sine waves from 4046 VCO, motion direction detector, D-to-A converter current booster, speech compressor.

771 Applications

Amplifier for microphones and moving-coil pick-ups, low-power frequency synthesizer, power mos electronic ignition, applying multipliers.

783 New products

EW + WW 's round-up of all that's new in electronics.

794 Broadcast

Could RDS change the shape of broadcasting?

Starting next month: Technical software discount purchase scheme.

See page 776 for details

In next month's issue.

John Linsley Hood on filters.

JLH provides the definitive guide to audio filter design.

Change in publishing date

Starting with the October issue,Electronics World + Wireless World will appear about week later than before.

The publishing date will be last Thursday in the month.

Hence the October issue will appear on September 26.

Comment

Analogue changes

Editor Frank Ogden 081–661 3128

Deputy Editor Jonathan Campbell 081–661 8638

Design & Production Alan Kerr

Editorial Administration Lindsey Gardner 081–661 3614

Advertisement Manager Jan Thorpe 081–661 3130

Display Sales Manager Shona Finnie 081–661 8640

Advertising Administration Kathy Lambart 081–661 3139

Advertising Production Neil Thompson 081–661 8675

Publisher Rob Marcus 081–661 3930

Facsimile 081–661 8956

You can't please all of the people all of the time.

And there are a few people who won't be pleased whatever you do.

Thus when we present an article on structured programming electronics, a proportion of our readership will relate the subject to their own interests while an equally large cross-section will simple regard its inclusion as a displacement of their own preoccupation.

We can't win but we must keep trying.

Although the electronics industry has changed greatly, possible the greatest change is that very little component level manufacture is done in this country.

In general, designers no longer work with a heap of transistors and a hot soldering iron.

Systems are build from board level products designed and manufactured somewhere in the Far East.

Their assembly into something functional requires the subtle application of a screwdriver allied with a complete grasp of the operating software.

Indeed, there is very little in the real world of electronics which doesn't involve digital techniques and computing.

DSP seems a particularly important topic since it represents the doorway between the way that people do things and the tasks which they expect electronics to do.

One could argue that digital technology isn't the only way to solve a particular circuit problem; a nifty bit of design work with a couple of op-amps plus a few Rs and Cs can replace a complex digital filter system.

Furthermore, it can be done in a language with which many EW + WW readers will be totally familiar.

However, the same little collection of components wouldn't allow a robot arm to interpret the signals from a CCD sensor in a manner which allows the arm to be placed reliably alongside an item on a conveyor belt.

And if the robot control function requires a signal filter, it would seem sensible to incorporate the filter block as part of the DSP recognition software rather than reach for discrete analogue components.

The same arguments for use of digital electronics apply equally to communications systems, test and measurement, broadcasting and consumer electronics.

Indeed, if we as a magazine were to reflect accurately the role of ‘traditional’ design relative to its actual usage, we might manage about one page per issue.

It should be said that we have no intention of implementing this ratio.

Analogue design remains important because it accommodates and defines the basic building blocks of electronics.

It is very hard to design a house if you don't know the shape of the bricks.

While there are a few things in digital technology which have no possible representation in analogue form — infinite impulse response filters are a good example — most digital blocks derive their shape from the original analogue function.

There is another aspect.

Although the changing voltage on a line connecting a pair of gates may be classed as digital, it remains an electrical signal like any other.

A design engineer might well require an appreciation of transmission line theory to ensure that the two connect together without data corruption.

The same goes for the avoidance of earth loops, common mode inductance nodes and all the other pitfalls.

We will continue to accord analogue design the importance which it deserves.

But we must also acknowledge the significance of computing and digital design.

EW + WW has enjoyed an illustrious past by presenting the important technology of the day.

We must continue to do this if we are to safeguard its future reputation.

 Frank Ogden 

Reed Business Publishing Group

REGULARS

UPDATE

EC announces £420m for R&D — but is it enough?

Research grants worth £420million have been announced by the EC, revealing its plans for the third set of Esprit projects.

But it may not be enough according to some industry commentators.

US-based companies will play a major role for the first time, but the Japanese are not expected to be heavily involved.

Main change introduced in the Esprit III programme is a new category of research called the Open Microsystems Initiative (OMI).

Its aim is to establish R&D projects so as to: ‘Make the European Industries competitive in the design, manufacture and use of future integrated circuit microsystems,’ according to the EC's documents inviting companies to take part.

US companies are expected to be involved in the research, backed by £65 million of EC money.

Rosalie Zobel, deputy director of the Esprit projects told EW + WW that Mips Computer Systems, Sun, Motorola, DEC and IBM have all been invited to preliminary OMI meetings.

Motorola is interested in joining some of the projects, according to Barry Waite, general manager of the company's European semiconductor group.

But he questions whether the programme as a whole is too ambitious.

‘I'm very sceptical whether the grand aims can be met in that time scale with that amount of money,’ he says.

Zobel said that there had been no approaches from Japanese companies wanting to work in the OMI.

The Esprit III work programme, which is backed by 600 million ECU, is split into six sections.

As well as the OMI and microelectronics research, there will information systems and advanced home systems projects.

 Rob Causey 

Unappealing face of Blumlein biography

Francis Thomson, the man who for nearly twenty years has been promising to write a biography of Alan Blumlein is once again appealing for more material on Blumlein.

Thomson's latest letters to the media very, but in some he explains the decades of delay with a puzzling tale of his attempts to ‘shield the Blumleins from the belated discovery that a person close to them had supplied me with letters…stolen from the late Mr A K Van Warrington’.

As before, Thomson, who has also put out calls for biographical material on other subjects, including S G Brown, signs himself a Member of the Institution of Electrical Engineers, helping establish credibility with editors unaware of the fact that he started collecting original papers in 1972.

But he has published nothing, refuses third parties access to his collection and will not catalogue what he has.

Although some editors have treated the ‘biographer's’ latest call with suspicion and either ignored his request or published it with qualification (eg Hi-Fi News , other have simply regurgitated Thomson's plea for ‘letters, notes and photographs’.

Unqualified appeals have already been published in Television (journal of the Royal Television Society),Image Technology ,(journal of the BKSTS),Nature and the AES Journal.

Charlie Chester obligingly broadcast the appeal on Radio 2.

The IEE has tried to negotiate with Thomson, offering help with writing and publishing his biography in time for the fiftieth anniversary of Blumlein's death in June 1992.

But Thomson has rejected the IEE's offers and it now looks certain that the anniversary will be missed.

Some members want the IEE now to use more muscle, with threats of expulsion from the Institution, if Thomson does not at least provide a catalogue of the material he has collected and give rock solid guarantees on its long term security, after his death.

 Barry Fox 

Preparing to test an underwater optical fibre cable joint on the 600kV DC test set at the new high voltage laboratory at Southampton University.

Photo STC Submarine Systems

Superconducting buckyballs

A new method of producing very pure samples has allowed researchers at Los Alamos National Laboratory and UCLA to make two crucial measurements of superconducting compounds built with ‘buckyballs’.

The compounds' responses to magnetic fields and pressure have boosted scientists' hopes that they will form the basis of practical superconducting.

Buckyballs, of buckminsterfullerene, are soccer-ball-shaped assemblages of 60 carbon atoms.

Earlier this year researchers learned that inserting a few atoms of potassium into a framework built of buckyball molecules makes the compound a superconductor: below a critical temperature of about 19 Kelvin — or 19 degrees above absolute zero — the material conducts electricity with no resistance.

The Los Alamos and UCLA researchers measured the critical magnetic fields of the material — which point to how useful the superconductor may be.

The researchers relied on the ability of the material to repel a magnetic field, a trademark of superconductors.

They cooled the sample below its critical temperature so it became superconducting, then applied an increasingly strong magnetic field.

At a certain field strength — the lower critical field — the magnetic field began to penetrate portions of the sample and so the sample was a mixture of superconducting and normal states.

At the upper critical field the magnetic field completely penetrated the sample and it reverted entirely to its normal state.

The upper critical field was estimated to be about 800,000 times stronger than the earth's magnetic field, advantageous for applications of the superconductor.

Researchers used the measurements to estimate the value of the critical current, or how much electricity the material can carry in its superconducting state.

‘The critical current calculated is already higher than the critical current first reported for the high-temperature superconducting materials based on copper-oxide compounds,’ says George Gruner, director of UCLA's Solid State Science Centre.

Researchers have also measured the response of the superconducting properties of a potassium-doped buckyball compound to changes in pressure — one of the fundamental measurements of any new superconductor, as it sets immediate constraints on the theoretical interpretations of the material's behaviour.

Results showed that as pressure was increased, critical temperature of the material dropped dramatically, a behaviour opposite to that predicted.

In general, increasing the pressure on a material pushes atoms together, stiffening the lattice.

Under certain circumstances, this allows an electrical current to begin moving without resistance at a higher temperature, as found in the high-temperature copper-oxide superconductors.

In copper-oxide superconducting materials, this suggest that to raise the critical temperature you want to make the lattice smaller.

But the buckyball compounds' opposite behaviour suggest that researchers should pursue ‘negative pressure’, created by inserting a larger atom into the lattice.

In fact doping the buckyball compound with rubidium — a larger atom than potassium — raises the critical temperature to nearly 30K.

Researchers at AT&T Bell Laboratories reported the discovery of superconductivity in buckyball compounds at the American Chemical Society meeting in April.

But only a small portion of their material had superconducting properties.

The UCLA team has refined the method for manufacturing sample of potassium- and rubidium-doped buckyball compounds so that the entire sample is superconducting.

They believe that the measurements were possible because of the high quality of the samples prepared by the UCLA scientists.

Russia is hi-tech

There is no technology gap between the Soviet Union's and the West's electronic research activities.

But the country's production facilities lag the west by about ten years.

The assessment is made by analysts Instat, following a visit by Instat's European president, Malcolm Penn, to the Soviet Union in April to assess its technical capabilities.

His view is that what the Soviet Union has in small quantities is as good as the technology of the West, but that the country lacks the ability to turn out production volumes.

One facility visited, NPO ‘SVT’, is developing a Mezaepiplanar cmos process using ferro-magnetic masks — giving the ability to make non-planar ICs without relying on photolithography.

Penn says that engineers have built chips on the outside of cylindrical substrates.

The masks hold the key to the technology.

They are made using precision alloys which are thermally matched to the temperature expansion characteristics of the substrate materials.

Each mask is pulled down onto the base, which can be variety of shapes, by a magnetic catcher.

Plasma etching and ion implantation techniques are then used to build up transistor structures, rather than diffusing them into the substrate material.

Various materials can be used as a base, such as silicon, gallium arsenide, germanium and some metals, cmos, bipolar and bi-cmos circuits have been built.

The features on the masks can vary in size between 10 and 0.2mm with the whole mask measuring up to 400 by 500mm.

They range from 0.01 to 0.5mm in thickness and are made from copper, nickel or iron-nickel alloy depending on the application.

By avoiding the use of some of the more active chemicals needed for photolithography, the Soviet scientists believe the process will reduce the environmental damage caused by chip fabs.

They hope to make between 10,000 and 100,000 chips a year using the equipment.

 Rob Causey 

The BBC is to shut down its shortwave broadcasting facility at Daventry.

The station, which also houses the longwave domestic service has been in continuous operation since 1925.

Shortwave broadcasting began from the site in 1932.

The photograph shows the station as it was in 1937; its appearance has changed little to the present day.

Euro-supercomputing boost

Europe's supercomputing industry has received a boost with unveiling by German company Parsytec of plans for a new range of parallel machines.

Parsytec intends to use the same basic design of a 1.6Gflop processing unit as a building block for systems executing up to 400Gflops. the largest computers on sale now can perform tens of Gflops.

Parsytec will sell the single processing unit, about the size of two briefcases, and larger computers made up of different configurations of the blocks.

‘We set design goals to make a 400Gflop machine.

Then we broke it down into smaller components to set us scale it down.’

said Francis Wray, head of product development.

The company has used a modified version of the design in its proposal for the European Teraflop initiative.

This is a project aimed at building a computer which can process one million floating point operations per second.

The systems will be built using Inmos' T9000 transputer.

Parsytec has received assurances from Inmos that it will be able to buy the transputer in large enough numbers to build the computers.

Each 1.6Gflops module, of Giga Cube, contains 18 T9000s. 16 for processing, one redundant device and one configuration controller.

If a failure occurs in one of the 16 on-line chips, the controller detects it and switches in the redundant chip.

The array of processors is linked using four of Inmos' C104 communications chips.

The Giga cubes each have their own cooling system.

Heatpipes draw energy away from the electronics and pass it into a cooling unit where either air or water is used to dissipate the heat.

Systems processing up to 50GflopS, with 16 Giga Cubes, can be cooled by air.

A water system and a lot of plumbing is needed for bigger machines.

 Rob Causey 

Digital TV connection

The European Eureka programme has brought together 32 organisations from 12 countries in a bid to develop the technology needed to bring all-digital TV to the home or office.

The Vadis project (video-audio digital interactive system) aims to develop coding techniques to compress digital TV signals by a factor of between 20 and 40 while retaining most of the original quality.

The compression will let digital audio-visual services be carried by terrestrial and satellite channels, telecommunications networks or digital storage devices.

Companies involved include Aspex Microsystems, the BBC, BT, Italtel, Philips, Olivetti, Siemens and Thomson-CSF.

UK attracts foreign money

Record numbers of overseas companies are investing in the UK, according to industry minister Edward Leigh.

In the year ending March 1991 he says there were 350 direct investment projects by foreign owned companies into the UK, recorded by the DTI's Invest in Britain Bureau.

Can Babbage help Science Museum balance books?

Charles Babbage's Difference Engine will form the centre-piece of a new gallery at the Science Museum next year — if fundraisers can find the £4.5million needed to build the new show.

The working version of the machine, built to celebrate the bicentenary of the mathematician's birth, will be moved into the new Information Age gallery which will replace the current computer gallery.

The museum hopes to display and explain telecomms systems as well as the history of more traditional technology.

‘We're at the final state of putting proposals together.’

says Lynn Foster, the Science Museum's main fundraiser.

‘We hope for support from telecomms as well as computer companies and users’.

The museum believes that the fundraising will take about eight months.

Once the commitments are in place, it will then need to decide which exhibits its wants to build.

There are examples of the interactive displays in the current Babbage exhibition, which runs until 31st December.

UCM, a software house from Hove, has developed an animated video showing the workings of the Difference Engine No 2.

 RC 

Toshiba-IBM LCDs on-stream

Display Technologies, a Toshiba-IBM joint venture, has completed construction of its manufacturing plant in Himeji and has started production of large size, LCDs for computer terminals.

The plant produces 10.4-in (640 x 480 pixel) LCDs and will gradually add large size units.

The plant is said to be a state-of-the-art facility that forms transistors onto large glass substrates, in a class-100 clean room that has the similar level of air cleanliness to those used in the manufacture of LSI chips.

Total production management is coordinated using a cim system.

Superconducting gradiometer

Researchers at IBM TJ Watson research centre report the first high-temperature superconducting magnetic gradiometer to operate at liquid-nitrogen temperatures.

The ability to operate at these temperatures is advantageous, because liquid nitrogen is cheap and the devices need less thermal insulation.

Fabrication of the gradiometers — which measure magnetic gradients — relies on IBM's wet-etching process.

The technique depends on a highly selective etchant solution that etches patterns in the thin film of material used to insulate layers of superconductor in the thin films of material used to insulate layers of superconductor and stops when the superconducting is reached.

David Edward Hughes, whose experiments with the ‘printing telegraph’ led to the development of an efficient microphone during the 1870's, has been honoured with a plaque at his former lodgings.

Exactly how long Hughes lived at 94 Portland Street, London, is uncertain but the first experiments which led to the development of the microphone were conducted here during 1878–80.

The house is prominently sited on the corner of Portland Street and Langham Street.

RESEARCH NOTES

New galaxy throws bright light on quasar formation

A British-led team of astronomers has discovered a new very-distant galaxy which is radiating three hundred million million times as much energy as the sun.

The galaxy, known as IRAS F10214+4724, is in fact the most luminous object ever found in the universe.

But it is not radiating its energy at visible wavelengths like previous contenders for the title, all of which were quasars (quasi-stellar objects).

Instead it is a massive cloud of dust, radiating 99% of its energy at far infrared wavelengths.

Astronomers believe (Nature Vol 31 No 6329) that it is either a massive galaxy in the process of formation or a quasar buried within a dust cloud.

The team, led by Professor Michael Rowan-Robinson of Queen Mary and Westfield College, University of London, includes astronomers from Cambridge, Oxford and Durham Universities as well as QMW, and from Caltech, Pasadena and Charlottesville, Virginia.

They discovered the object with the UK's 4.2m William Herchel telescope (WHT) on La Palma in The Canaries on the last night of a 40-night observing campaign, studying very faint sources detected by the IRAS infrared astronomical satellite with optical ground-based telescopes.

Subsequently the team obtained images of this mysterious object with the 200in Mt Palomar telescope and the WHT.

It was slightly fuzzy and presumably a distant galaxy.

The spectrum was that of a very distant galaxy with redshift of 2.3 (spectral lines shifted in wavelengths towards the red by 230%).

Such information implies a distance of 16 thousand million light years and that the galaxy is seen at a time 83% of the way back to the Big Bang.

Previous high redshift for a galaxy or quasar discovery by IRAS was 0.4.

The powerhouse responsible for heating up the dust is hidden from view but the team believes it is either a quasar or a massive burst of star formation.

In the latter case we would almost certainly be seeing the galaxy during its formation phase.

Either way it is a unique object and will shed light on how galaxies and quasars form.

Superconducting in a perfect world

If you were to draw up the specification for the ideal material for electronic engineering, I guess it would be something combining the properties of the perfect conductor, the perfect insulator and the ideal semiconductor.

Such a material does not of course exist…or does it?

A paper recently published by Jacek Baranowski et al working at the University of California, Berkeley and the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory (Phys Rev Lett , Vol 66 no 23) describes a new form of gallium arsenide that will superconduct at a temperature of 10K.

LT-GaAs as it is called, is made by molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) at the relatively low temperature of 200°C.

Chemically it contains about 1.5% excess arsenic in the form of crystal defects.

At ordinary temperatures the material is quite conductive.

But below 10K it is possible by means of field-modulated microwave absorption (FMMA) and the Meissner effect (magnetic field expulsion) to demonstrate clearly the existence of a hitherto unknown superconducting phase within the material.

Baranowski and his team attribute this to a layered arrangement of atoms — visible in the electron microscope.

In addition to this superconducting phase, and the well known semiconducting properties of GaAs, LT-GaAs can be made into a well-nigh perfect insulator by annealing at 500°C so that As-rich material precipitates out.

Such insulating GaAs can be used for gate isolation in metal-insulator-semiconductor fets and, because of its short minority-carrier lifetime, in high speed optoelectronic devices.

With such a range of useful properties, the Berkeley team envisage as chip in which insulating, semiconducting and superconducting components are fabricated together, based on epitaxial layers.

This, they say, might result in completely new directions for device technology including epitaxial superconducting interconnects, junctions and switches.

Obviously there is a price to be paid in holding the liquid helium temperatures.

But the group is convinced that it is only a matter of time before someone discovers superconducting semiconductors that will work at the economically viable temperatures of liquid nitrogen.

Optical image of IRAS F10214+4724 taken with the Mt Palomar telescope.

Ellipse shows the estimated location of the infrared source.

F if the high redshift galaxy.

Colorado: absolutely the coldest place on earth

American scientist working for the Astrophysics Institute at the University of Colorado in Boulder have created the lowest temperature ever recorded — one millionth of a degree above absolute zero.

This is approaching the temperature below which theoreticians expect atoms to fuse together in a new kind of matter.

When things are cooled to within a few degrees of absolute zero — minus 273.16°C — strange things happen.

Metals and some new ceramics lose their electrical resistance completely.

In addition to superconducting, another spectacular low temperature phenomenon called superfluidity occurs.

At about 2° above absolute zero — 2K — liquid helium develops the peculiar ability to flow through tiny holes without friction.

Small wonder that scientists are searching for every lower temperatures, nearer still to absolute zero, where even more mysterious effects may be waiting.

But it is no easy task.

Conventional refrigeration, where heat is removed by evaporation, will work down to about 1K.

Below that, different approaches are necessary, until recently involving extracting energy from atoms using magnetic fields.

Heat is nothing more than energy of atoms in motion, so if you can slow down atoms, you are in effect cooling them.

Within the last few years, physicists have come within a few thousandths of a degree of absolute zero using a new technique called laser entrapment.

The idea is to hit atoms head-on with laser beams, slowing them down.

Laser beams consist of photons which, though small by atomic standards, have a cumulative inertial effect, Dr Carl Wieman of the University of Colorado, who heads one research group, says that cooling an atom with a laser beam is like trying to slow down movement of a heavy object by bombarding it with ping-pong balls.

In practice it is quite complex because you need at least six lasers to trap a clump of atoms; the lasers also have to be tuned to the natural movement of the atoms.

Otherwise the effect is to add heat energy rather than remove it.

What Wieman has done — as well as reaching the lowest temperature on record — is to simplify what has been an immensely complex piece of laboratory apparatus.

Not only has the essential large vacuum cell been reduced to a small glass cell, but Wieman has also been able to replace gas lasers with solid state devices.

In fact what he has been using are exactly the same as the cheap mass-produced lasers used in CD machines.

They cost around £50 a piece, less than a tenth the cost of the gas lasers.

Wieman told EW + WW that the great benefit if this simplification is that it will enable a greater number of laboratories to participate in low temperature research and discover more and more bizarre properties of matter.

Most exciting is creation of a ‘Bose-Einstein’ condensate — a weird state of matter, predicted by Einstein and the Indian physicist Satyendranath Bose, where individual atoms lose their identity and merge into a kind of atomic soup.

When asked what temperature at which this transformation would occur, Wieman commented: ‘It depends on the density and the number of atoms in your trap, the more atoms you've got, the higher the temperature.

We're at one millionth of a degree above absolute zero.

We need to get between ten and a hundred times lower’.

Design opens up fast SiGe devices

Researchers at IBM have built an experimental p-channel mosfet that uses both silicon and germanium and delivers high performance.

Scientist believe the device — which makes use of novel design and new materials — could lay the ground for a promising future for silicon-germanium transistors in future chips.

Details of the improved mosfet were revealed at a recent VLSI technology symposium in Japan.

The mosfet is less than 1µm wide and operates at liquid nitrogen temperatures (-196°C).

Improved performance is obtained through building an ultra-thin channel of silicon-germanium alloy under the silicon surface of the mosfet to restrain mobility of the charges carrying current through the device.

The germanium layer confines the charges just under the skin, preventing them from bumping into the surface and scattering from their designated path through the transistor.

Researchers built the channel so that it is free of dopants, stopping the charges from bumping into impurity atoms along the way.

Instead, a layer of doped silicon is placed directly underneath the channel.

This dopant layer sets the voltage at which the transistor turns off and on.

As a result, the mobility of the charges as they travel through the transistor is twice as good as any similar, submicron p-channel mosfet transistor yet built.

A p-channel transistor, relying on hole mobility, is usually slower than an n-channel device.

The goal is to use the improved p-channel transistor to boost the speed of complementary circuits where both types of transistors work together.

Complementary metal oxide semiconductor (cmos) circuits save power, allowing designers to put more circuits on a chip.

Dr Carl Wieman (left) and his team has opened up research into low temperature physics.

Tests confirm high speed/low power flip-flop

A team at the Fraunhofer Institute for Applied Solid State Physics in Freiberg has reported a breakthrough in high speed frequency dividers.

What the German group has done (Electronics Letters , Vol 27 No 13) is to create a static master-slave flip-flop which operates at 14GHz but has a dissipation of less than 35mW.

Until now, there has been a choice between high speed (22GHz) together with high dissipation (>0.5W per flip-flop) or medium speed (9–12GHz) with medium dissipation (<180mW).

The development, they say, will make it easier to integrate high-speed prescalers onto counter circuits, multiplexing circuits and other multi-function chips used in communications.

The circuit comprises two D-latches, each constructed in source-coupled fet logic.

(In the diagram, E indicates enhancement mode and D depletion mode fets.)

To achieve the extremely low power consumption, D-fet active loads were used with gate widths of only 5mm.

This ensured that pumped charge on the chip was kept to a minimum, helped by a reduction in wiring capacitance.

On test with no load the divider chip consumed only 19mA at a supply voltage of 1.8V.

Maximum operating frequency was 14.2GHz at which the minimum required input power was 8.3dBm.

At lower frequencies (<10GHz), the flip-flop toggled reliably will less than — 15dBm on the input.

Psst — want to know a secret?

Did you know that upgrades to the EW + WW office software mean that in future it will be possible to print three-dimensional graphics and stereoscopic photographs?

Unfortunately, I'll have to come clean; that story is only a rumour.

But while some rumours are harmless — like the persistent one about certain restaurants serving up dead dogs — others can be very damaging for businesses, especially in the volatile electronics sector.

Over in the US, psychologists at a number of universities are making a serious study of how rumours are born, how they propagate and how they can finally be killed off.

The analogy is so close that Alan Kimmel of Fitchburg State College describes rumour (New York Science Times , June 4 1991) as a sort of opportunistic virus that thrives on fear and uncertainty.

Some rumours, he says, have survived for centuries, merely by mutating and reappearing in a different guise.

What, then, about anti-rumour software?

As a personal contribution to the stability of British industry (who on earth invented that one?) may I pass on a few nuggets of advice:

1.

If possible, track the rumour back to its origin.

In nine cases out of ten it turns out to be the office cleaner's milkman's financial adviser.

2.

Evaluate the rumour.

See if it really is lowering sales of demoralising staff.

Check how many people believe it.

3.

Plan a counter-attack immediately.

Check all the facts and refute them with sound evidence.

Latest research suggests that a firm rebuttal will kill any rumour within 24 hours.

…

Tell that one to the Palace press office!

D-latch constructed in source-coupled fet logic.

E indicates enhancement, D, depletion mode fets.

Design

Fluxgate magnetometery

Measuring the direction of the Earth's magnetic field provides the basis of an electronic compass while the strength of the field says much about solar activity, a factor important to HF radio propagation.

Richard Noble describes the heart of an instrument which can be used for serious scientific study.

Traditional magnetometers use inductive loops and long wire lines to measure magnetic flux by induced EMF.

Such instruments are bulky.

Hall effect semiconductors will measure low flux levels although their response tends to be non-linear and temperature dependent.

The fluxgate magnetometer, which depends for its action on the detection of saturation occurring in magnetic material, can be made both small and highly accurate.

In explaining its operation, it is easier to describe a simpler arrangement that would actually be used in practice.

In its most basic form, it comprises a single straight nickel-iron alloy core carrying two windings.

One winding functions as an excitation coil in which current flowing creates a field to magnetise the core in alternate directions.

The other acts as a pickup coil producing a voltage proportional to the rate of change of magnetic flux linking it.

At low levels of excitation this structure, outlined in Fig. 1, will obviously behave as if it were an inefficient transformer.

To convert it to a fluxgate transducer, the excitation is increased so as to force the core into saturation on alternate peaks.

This would be undesirable behaviour in a transformer but is the essence of fluxgate operation.

A square voltage waveform is applied to the excitation coil, of sufficient magnitude to saturate the core.

During the periods when the core is not saturated, the inductance of the coil causes the current passing through it to change linearly from one saturation state to the other.

As the core reaches saturation the inductance falls to a low value and the current rises rapidly to a limit set by the DC resistance of the coil forcing the core well into saturation.

The waveform of this current is shown in Fig. 2 which also serves as an illustration of the magnetic field produced by the coil, since this must be directly proportional to the current.

The induction in the core is magnified by the high permeability, except in the saturation regions where the result can be seen to be a trapezoidal induction waveform (Fig. 3).

The voltage induced in the pickup coil by this waveform is directly proportional to the rate of change of magnetic induction.

During the periods of saturation, there is no change and no signal voltage, but during the linearly changing regions there is a constant voltage output of appropriate polarity, as shown in Fig. 4.

All of the above assumes that the only influence on the core is the magnetic field produced by the excitation coil.

If this is not the case and the core is affected by an additional external field, a small change takes place in the output.

The component of external  field which is in line with the core axis either aids or opposes the excitation field in its alternating polarity phases.

When it aids the excitation field, the entry into saturation occurs slightly earlier and the departure from saturation occurs slightly later than would be the case.

The opposite effect arises when the external field opposes the excitation field.

For clarity, this is illustrated in very exaggerated form in Fig. 5.

The amount of advance and delay in the waveform corner is proportional to the size of the external field.

In this way the desired object has been achieved in the form of a signal variation which is the function of the external magnetic field strength.

It remains to exploit this.

Since a perfectly symmetric waveform foes not contain even harmonics and an asymmetric one does, a possible technique would be to isolate the even harmonics as the usable signal.

However the presence of very large fundamental and odd harmonic components in the output makes the isolation of the small even harmonics a very daunting task.

A Better Technique

Fortunately there is a very effective simple solution in the form of two parallel cores with opposing excitation windings and a single overwound pickup coil (Fig. 6).

The inductions in the two cores cancel out precisely when the cores are placed in a zero external field; an external field causes asymmetric pulses of amplitude and position dependent on the polarity and strength of the external field.

The resultant waveforms are shown in Fig. 7.

In this way, the trick of using two cores has performed the seemingly impossible task of isolating the tiny wanted signal from the comparatively huge unwanted one.

If the pulses marked with arrows in Fig. 7 are isolated from the others and applied to an appropriate low pass filter, the output is a DC or slowly varying voltage whose magnitude and polarity model the external field.

It would appear that isolating the set of pulses not marked with arrows would work equally well and, in fact, combining both in a suitable way could double the sensitivity.

For low gain systems such as fluxgate compasses or short range metal detectors this is true, but for high sensitivity application such as the magnetometer described here, there are good reasons to avoid this approach.

A practical solution

All of the foregoing assumes perfectly matching cores and windings and in practice is not easily achieved without individual and fiddling adjustment.

The problems associated with the need for perfect matching can be avoided by one further design change.

The long straight cores are abandoned.

They are instead bent into semicircles and joined together at their ends to form a solid circular toroid.

The two opposing excitation coils merge into a simple, single, full toroidal winding.

The pickup coil remains a single winding over the toroid (Fig. 8).

By these modifications the sought-after simplicity is achieved, coupled with the virtual elimination of all high-level signals.

As an additional benefit, the closed magnetic circuit of a toroidal core greatly reduces the drive requirements to produce saturation levels, simplifying the circuitry need by the system.

It may be felt that replacing two straight cores with a ring structure is too drastic a change to gloss over, but the mechanism is not too different in the two cases.

Figure 9 represents the way in which the lines of force are concentrated from the immediate vicinity and makes plausible the idea that an overwound coil would not see much difference in the flux changes it experiences from either system.

An additional advantage of the ring core is that it will accept more than one overwound pickup coil and they have different orientations to the external magnetic field.

For example while the coil orientation shown in Fig. 10a produces the largest output, that 10b links none of the changing flux and has a null output.

Angles between these produce an output which varies as the cosine of the angle, leading to the familiar figure-of-eight polar diagram for directional sensitivity.

This is the characteristic which is exploited in the design of a fluxgate compass.

The trace on the left hand page shows the disturbances caused to the earth's magnetic field by a solar storm occurring between June 12 and 14, 1991.

The measurements were made with the system described in this article.

The double coil structure is also of interest in the observation of the earth's magnetic field.

By making a magnetometer with two pickup coils at right angles and orienting it to give the maximum and null outputs referred to, the magnitude variations and angular variations are effectively separated.

In the maximum output direction the polar diagram is almost insensitive to small angular variations and the signal represents earth's field magnitude changes.

In the null output direction the signal changes are almost solely due to angular movement of the earth's field and over the small range involved are linearly proportional to angle.

To do a complete job would of course require two rings and three pickup coils.

If the toroid is inclined at the earth's field dip angle for the locality,(about 67° in the UK) and the pickup coil is positioned for a null output, the system should have maximum sensitivity and there is no requirement for an offset null arrangement prior to large amplification to reveal the fluctuations.

If the coil is positioned for maximum output an offset adjustment equal to the mean magnitude of the field is required, but need be no more complicated than an offset bias to the following amplifier input.

A more usual setup would probably be to fix the core in a horizontal position, aligned so that one pickup coil responds to the maximum horizontal component of the earth's field, in which case the other would respond to the variations in declination or angular change in direction.

This corresponds to two of the standard measurements made by recording stations and should provide adequate indications for radiocomms prediction.

Instrument design

A simple RC oscillator supplies trigger pulses to a frequency divider formed from two D-type bistables.

Complementary outputs from the lower frequency bistable are used to operate voltage switches which connect the full supply voltage across the excitation coil in alternate directions thus providing the square voltage waveform.

A small resistor is connected in series with the coil to limit the current during core saturation.

The frequency is chosen to make sure that the core reaches saturation at each alteration, but does not spend any more than a short time in this condition so as to maximise the final output signal; the circuit should produce as many saturation signals as possible.

The pickup coil signals connect to analogue switches controlled by the first (and higher frequency) bistable in the driving divider chain, in order to isolate only those signals which coincide with the saturation waveform transitions.

The signals from the two switches are fed to two operational amplifiers configured as simple RC low-pass filter/integrators.

A second pair of amplifiers provide additional outputs at higher sensitivity.

The first stages are fitted with input offset adjustments just large enough to cancel the largest field likely to be encountered, namely the total inclined component in the middle latitudes.

They also have a gain setting which will allow a field of this magnitude not to overload the output of the stage.

This is useful in setting the zero field output correctly.

Fields in the range of interest are usually measured in gamma, one gauss being 100,000 gamma.

The total component of the earth's magnetic field in the UK is around 47 000 gamma inclined at around 67° to the horizontal.

The particular core and winding arrangement used in the design has an intrinsic sensitivity of about 12mV/gauss or  0.12µV/gamma.

A gain of 400 in the first amplifier/filter will then produce an output of almost two and a half volts from the total earth's field vector, avoiding overload and permitting a peak-to-peak measurement by rotating the core.

Calibration

The core is aligned with one coil picking up the north-south field and inclined at roughly 67° to the horizontal and adjusted so as to produce the largest positive output from the amplifier.

It is then rotated through approximately 180 degrees to find the largest negative output.

This process is repeated, while the zero offset is adjusted, until the positive and negative readings have the same magnitude.

The amplifier will then have been adjusted so that zero field corresponds to zero output, the first step in achieving calibration.

The next is to calibrate the gain, using a pair of Helmholtz coils.

These are not the expensive-looking, beautifully crafted works of art found in old school laboratories.

With a sensitive magnetometer all that is needed is a few turns of enamelled wire reasonably carefully wound onto a piece of plastic drainpipe.

The requirement is a pair of close-wound coils, mounted on the same axis and separated by a mean distance equal to their mean radius, as shown in Fig. 12.

The result is a fairly large volume between the coils of almost uniform field strength given by: where r is the mean radius of the coils in  meters,N is the number of turns in each coil and I is the current flowing in the coil in amperes.

Using a 110mm diameter piece of plastic tubing as a former, a pair of coils wound with 24 turns/coil of 0.2mm wire give a coil constant of 3.95 gauss/ampere.

The calibration is carried out by mounting the magnetometer core centrally in the coils and adjusting the peak-to-peak output while reversing the coil current, set to a constant value appropriate to the range being calibrated.

This would range from about 125mA to match the earth's field to 0.75 mA to set the most sensitive range.

The first stage amplifier has a gain of only 400 giving a sensitivity near 20000 gamma/volt.

This could show a severe magnetic storm but a higher sensitivity is desirable for serious observation.

A second stage amplifier provides a gain of around 200, increasing the instrument sensitivity to 100 gamma/volt.

This is high enough to permit observation if the diurnal variation.

At this gain the noise level of the instrument can be seen in quiet periods to be approximately 10 gamma — 15 gamma over a bandwagon of the order of 0.3Hz, reasonable enough for serious studies.

If the instrument is only to be an indicator of magnetic activity then calibration is not really necessary.

However a small scattering of calibrated stations could provide an interesting and potentially significant source of scientific date on radio propagation.

Quantitative information, even of limited accuracy is often useful if enough people collect it.

Sensor design

The core used in the magnetic sensor is made by Telcon Metals of Crawley and consists of a toroid wound from a flat tape, one thousandth of an inch thick HCR alloy.

This metal was specially developed for use in magnetic control systems and amplifiers and has a remarkably rectangular hysteresis loop in which the remanent flux is only 2.6% less than the saturation flux.

As supplied the core is protected by being enclosed in a toroidal shaped hollow plastic case.

This makes the winding simple since the wire can be applied directly over the case.

The only toroidal wound coil is the excitation coil and it should be made up using 0.5mm diameter enamelled wire.

Start with a length of about seven metres of wire, precisely half of which should be spooled onto a shuttle thin enough to pass through the centre of the toroid.

The other half should be neatly coiled and taped for the moment.

Temporarily secure the centre of the length to the core with a piece of tape and begin winding by passing the shuttle through the core centre repeatedly.

As winding progresses, unloop from the shuttle just enough wire at each stage to make handling as reasonable as possibly, taking care to avoid kinking the wire.

Keep the turns close wound on the internal diameter and reasonably evenly spaced on the outside.

This is easily said and less easily done, but it is not critical to the final working.

Be careful however to avoid overlapping turns.

When the winding extends around approximately half of the core cut off the end, leaving a few inches of spare wire and tape the wire down temporarily.

Repeat the whole exercise with the other half of the original length of wire until the entire core is filled.

Secure the wire ends by twisting them together for a short distance to prevent the turns trying to unwind themselves.

The total number of turns need not be exact but will be around 170.

The next stage is to find a piece of plastic or card tube which will just slide snugly over the wound coil to provide the former for the pickup coils.

It is possible to make up  a tube by winding and gluing layers of brown paper round a suitable former.

Shallow slots should be cut or filed into the top and bottom of the tube as shown in Fig. 13.

These are to facilitate the winding of the pickup coils.

Next wind some tape through the slots and around the core to provide a base for the pickup windings.

The coils themselves should consist of 500 turns of 0.2mm enamelled wire scramble wound as neatly as possible over the core, the second winding crossing over the top of the first at right angles.

The whole assembly can then be given several coats of varnish to help hold the windings in place and glued down to a square mounting board, etc.

The ends of the coil should be soldered to the termination strips to allow for the later attachment of heavier gauge connecting cable.

Electronic Design

The detailed electronic circuit is shown in Fig. 14 and consists of three basic sections, a power driver for the excitation coil and two identical sense amplifiers.

The driver section starts with an RC oscillator made from two 4011 gates wired as inverters.

The component values are chosen to give a frequency of 720Hz.

The output is fed to a two stage frequency divider formed from the D-type 4013 bistables, producing a final output square wave at 180Hz in both normal and inverted phases.

These two signals are connected to two pairs of complementary emitter followers in bridge connection for core driving.

The excitation winding is connected in series with a small current-limiting resistor.

The current in the coil rises rapidly to a value limited by the series resistor when the core reaches saturation.

At this point the voltage drop across the emitter followers also increases causing a sudden small reduction in the available square wave voltage, which persists until the signal reverses.

This effect causes the pickup coil pulses associated with entry to saturation to be noise and undesirable for use in the final measurement system.

The reason for this is that as the core begins to saturate, the voltage available for saturation falls, tending to slow down the approach to saturation.

This makes the transitions less well defined and subject to jitter in rather the same way as a multivibrator will jitter if the initial approach to transistor turn-on is not rapid.

The signals generated in the pickup coils are not neat rectangular pulses although their amplitudes very with the external field.

The lack of perfect balance and coil symmetry also allows some of the fundamental switching frequency to leak through.

However, the key fact remains true that the area under the pulses is proportional to the external magnetic field, after discounting the small offset caused by the fundamental breakthrough.

The waveforms look something like Fig 15.

The pickup coil in each amplifier is loaded by a 1kΩ resistor and applied to one section of an quad analogue switch.

The output is loaded by a 10kΩ resistor to avoid the following circuitry seeing a high impedance when the switch is open, thus becoming susceptible to interference or hum pickup.

The control signal for the switch is derived from the first divider bistable (at twice the core switching frequency) by differentiating the square wave and clipping off the negative pulses with a diode.

This results in short positive pulses coincident with the core switching transitions to select the desired pickup of coil signals.

The signals from the switch go to an inverting DC coupled operational amplifier with lowpass filter characteristics through the addition of a capacitor in parallel with the feedback resistor.

The variable input resistor allows for gain calibration.

The corner frequency of the filter is about 0.3Hz.

The signal then goes to a second  amplifier/filter of the same configuration also with a corner frequency of about 0.3Hz.

This second stage has two alternative gains of x20 and x200 selectable by 4016 switch.

The non inverting input of the first stage amplifier is connected via a resistor to a potentiometer linked across positive and negative voltage divider chains to provide an adjustable input offset.

The potentiometer is a stable cermet multi-turn type to allow the high resolution setting required at the highest sensitivity.

(One tenth of a turn corresponds approximately to 500 gamma, the full range covering 100,000 gamma).

There is nothing particularly remarkable about the power supply.

Setting up

If this all appears to work, an oscilloscope should show a pickup coil signal similar to Fig. 15, variations depending on the individual winding symmetry.

Amplitude changes should occur as the core is rotated in space.

Similarly, a DC voltmeter connected to the test point at the output of the first stage should see a voltage which varies as the core is moved about.

The trimpot used to set the first stage gain, should be set at maximum resistance and the multi-turn zero offset trimpot to the centre of its range before this check.

If the first stage functions then the final second stage output is likely to be hard against the positive or negative amplifier limits, but very careful manipulation of the core orientation will find a position in which tiny movements will flick the output between limits.

Even more careful adjustment may permit the output to settle somewhere between the amplifier limits.

Try to bring the output voltage to zero either by moving the core or adjusting the zero-offset trimpot.

Shorting the gain change control line to ground will increase the second stage gain by a factor of ten and should reveal micropulsations in the shape of an output which fluctuates randomly by about 0.2V.

At this level of sensitivity metal objects in the vicinity should have a marked effect if they are moved.

A mildly magnetised screwdriver may drive the system right off-scale from a foot away and a small magnet can be detected at six to eight feet.

Even the car keys or a belt buckle may upset things if placed too close.

The second amplifier should perform in the same way, but the core will have to be rotated through about 90° to find the corresponding zero field position.

Calibration

Select one amplifier for calibration and connect a voltmeter to the test point at the first stage output.

Place the sensor on a flat surface and rotate it slowly through 360°.

The voltmeter should show a maximum (positive), a minimum (negative) and two zero crossings approximately at right angles to the maximum and minimum.

Make a note of the values at maximum and minimum and if they are not of equal magnitude adjust the zero-offset trimpot so as to make them equal.

This may take a few iterations to achieve a good balance, but should eventually make the zero crossings correspond to more or less zero field.

Next rotate the sensor to locate the maximum again and, while trying to maintain the heading, tilt it upwards to find the absolute maximum reading.

In the UK this will be at about 67° to the horizontal, but it is not critical, as the maximum is quite broad and not very sensitive to angle.

Compare this positive reading with the negative minimum found by rotating the sensor by 180° in the same 67° plane to the horizontal.

The magnitudes of these two readings should not be the same, if the zero-offset has been set correctly.

This is not as difficult to do as it sounds, simply because of the very broad maxima and minima.

If the intention is to make serious measurements calibration with a Helmholtz coil will be required.

The outlined design produces a field of 3.95 gauss/ampere.

Strictly this implies a precision greater than is reasonable and should probably be read as 4.0 gauss/ampere or 400 gamma/mA (one gauss = 100 000 gamma).

The sensitivity sought at the test point is 20 000 gamma/volt: + 2.5V corresponds to a range of 100,000 gamma so the initial Helmholtz coil current setting should cover this.

At 400 gamma/mA this calls for a current of 125mA variable.

This should include a reversing switch to enable the current through the coils to be reversed easily.

Place the sensor in the centre of the Helmholtz coils with one pickup winding aligned to pick up maximum flux.

Monitor the appropriate amplifier test point with a voltmeter or calibrated oscilloscope and rotate the Helmholtz coils and sensor to give zero volts.

Switch on the coil current (set to 125mA) and the test point voltage should change by about two volts or so, positively or negatively.

Using the amplifier gain trimpot, adjust so that the output changes by 5V when the coil current is reversed.

(+2.5V range).

Since the final stage gains are set by 1% tolerance fixed resistors, this completes the calibration, the output sensitivities being either 1000 gamma/volt or 100 gamma/volt.

Repeat the exercise to calibrate the second pickup winding and the instrument is ready for use.

The core used in this design is a Telcon Metals HCR alloy core type 7a and is available from Telcon Metals, phone 0293 528800

The flux gate transducer outlined in this article can be used at the heart of a scientific magnetometer of highly accurate electronic compass

Fig. 7.

The filter output is derived from the sum of the core contributions to the pickup coil output

Fig. 8: the toroidal core winding system.

The finished transducer includes a second pickup coil at right angles to the first.

Fig. 9: a toroidal core tends to concentrate the magnetic field tangentially producing the same sensitivity pattern as a pair of bar cores.

Fig. 10: The toroid exhibits greatest sensitivity at right angles to the pickup coil

Fig. 11: The electronics divides into two parts: the exciter section drives the core into saturation with a current ramp of alternating polarity while the measurement section integrates the pickup coil pulses caused by the action of a static magnetic field on the core.

Fig. 14: complete circuit diagram in three parts.

Note the bridge driver for the exciter coil allied to the synchronous rectifier downstream of the pickup coil

Second measurement channel mirroring the bottom half of the upper diagram

Power supply circuit.

There is nothing special here.

Fig. 12 winding details for the Helmholtz calibration coils

Fig. 15: the sort of waveform expected across the  picup coils.

The amplitude and polarity of the pulses changes with strength and direction of the static magnetic field.

Magnetometery and radio communications

The study of propagation is one of the important aspects of radio comms activity.

The ability to forecast ionospheric conditions is related to solar activity.

A magnetometer, detecting changes in the magnetic fields arising from charged particles deflected around the earth, measures the effects of corpuscular and non-corpuscular radiation emanated from the sun during solar flares and other events.

Non-corpuscular radiation is in the form of high energy X rays which, assuming that the earth is in the path of the rays, will reach the earth in fifteen minutes.

This radiation may increase the depth of the ‘D’ layer due to ionisation and produce the all too well known Dellinger face out when long-distance HF communication ceases abruptly.

Corpuscular or particulate radiation appears in the form of protons and neutrons which take longer to reach the earth's upper atmosphere than the higher energy radiations.

These nuclear particles arrive at the F1 and F2 layers approximately 48 hours following a solar event and produce ionisation by colliding with gaseous molecules and cosmic particles.

This explains why so few protons are detectible at the earth's surface except after very major events.

The increased ionisation along the earth's lines of magnetic force make them more conductive and leads to an increased current flow with consequent rise in magnetic flux levels.

It is under these conditions that the magnetometer is useful in detecting the fluctuations in the magnetic fields.

In terms of radio propagation, varying electrical conductance in the ionosphere influences either the absorbency or reluctance of radio emissions.

A knowledge of the ionospheric status will often suggest which bands will be more productive.

It is interesting to note that a Dellinger fade out is often followed by a magnetic field change around 48 hours later.

Many articles have appeared in the amateur radio press and elsewhere describing the many aspects of propagation and giving more detailed information on the theory of and effects of solar radiation on communications systems.

This brief and simplified introduction has been included for completeness, and hopefully to show that the examination of the earth's magnetosphere in relation to propagation is not a difficult project to undertake, the equipment is easy to build and has the advantage of being a both interesting and useful addition to your capability.

 David Lomax GW0FXA 

Regulars

Letters

Cuk vs.

Buck

According to Terrence Finnegan, the Cuk power converter offers the best of all power supply worlds, approaches 90% efficiency, requires few components, and produces minimal amounts of interference (EW + WW July 1991).

The rather woolly nature of these claims aside, readers might be forgiven for wondering why, if the Cuk converter offers so many desirable features, it is not more commonly used.

The fact is that in the world of switch-mode power supplies (and it is a very large world indeed, covering PCB, mainframe computers, electronic telephone exchanges, military equipment, aerospace, and more besides) it is rare to come across a Cuk converter.

Interestingly, even Dr. Cuk himself, after starting up his Teslaco power supply consultancy, did not use the Cuk converter for his early power supply contracts.

The lack of popularity with the Cuk topology may be due to its problems relating to the energy-coupling capacitor.

In the non-isolated version of the topology, as used in Terrence Finnegan's design, the capacitor is, as he says, smaller than the equivalent magnetic component used for energy transfer.

However, this seems to be a red herring, since the standard Buck topology uses a pair of inductors (though not coupled) and a single transistor switch just as the Cuk topology does, but need no other energy coupling device.

Most power converters are required to provide transformer isolation between input and output, and the isolated version of the Cuk converter has to have energy coupling capacitors on all its windings, so that they then have to be provided as energy coupling devices plus the transformer.

Regardless of whether we are talking isolated or non-isolated, however, the capacitors introduce two entirely non-trivial problems.

First, at currents of more than a few amps, capacitors that can carry the current without suffering di/dt stress, heating stress, and MHz ringing tend to be physically large, and expensive compared with normal power supply capacitors.

Furthermore, the required low series resistance results in high Q resonances with the inductors at audio frequencies.

These will then have to be damped by paralleling each capacitor causing this problem with another of higher value and higher series resistance.

In addition, during start-up and overload conditions the capacitors (and their larger parallel damping capacitors, if fitted) find themselves with the wrong DC bias, and charging occurs through potentially very low impedances.

Care has to be taken to make sure no excessive currents can flow during these transients.

Furthermore, these DC offsets across the capacitors appear on the transformer windings, causing shifts in the core operating flux.

Therefore, extra headroom has to be provided for the operating flux.

As a result another apparent advantage often cited for the Cuk converter (that it can use the full peak-to-peak bidirectional flux swing) is, in practice, whittled away.

As for the claim that the Cuk converter approaches 90% efficiency and produces minimal RF interference, exactly the same claims can be made for well-designed standard topologies.

Good efficiency is mainly a matter of using good switches and rectifiers, since they are where most of the losses occur.

The low RF interference and low component count claims are usually made because the Cuk topology is not only able to accommodate the input and output filter chokes on the same magnetic core as the transformer, but it can also reduce the input and output ripple currents to very low levels.

This does indeed seem like getting something for nothing, but is it really?

Since the input and output inductors store energy, then just like any other inductor, they produce flux in their common core and they require space for large enough diameter wire to keep I2R losses reasonable.

Extra core volume and winding window area must be provided to support these.

What no one, as far as I know, has ever done is to show whether there is any space, weight, efficiency or cost saving that results from assembling all the windings onto one core.

Standard bobbins cannot be used for E cores, since all three legs have to be used for the isolated topology.

Of course, if the standard easy-to-use E-core bobbin is dispensed with, there is automatically more room for the windings, so increased copper area is traded for increased difficulty of manufacture.

This trade-off may be acceptable in the military and aerospace fields, but not in the commercial field.

The large reduction in ripple currents is an advantage, but input and output decoupling capacitors are still required.

Those on the input will be similar to what the standard Buck topology requires; those on the output(s) could be made smaller, though the reduction is limited by the need to keep enough capacitance  to absorb fast load transients.

To summarise, the Cuk converter has an apparent advantage over standard Buck topology in that it uses an integrated magnetic structure and can reduce input and output ripple currents to very low levels.

On the other hand, the required energy coupling capacitors cause problems and can be expensive at higher current levels, and there does not seem to be any proof that there is a volume, weight, or cost saving over the standard Buck topology for any given equivalent performance level.

All credit is due to Terrence Finnegan for his two recent articles which, for the first time, have made available useful and usable designinformation.

Nevertheless the Cuk converter topology seems likely to remain an outsider until a true trade-off comparison can be made between Cuk and Buck at a series of realistic equivalent performance levels, a task that would take a lot of time, but whose results would be of great interest to many in the power supply design field.

 Brian J. Pollard Watford Herts 

To be Class D or not

Why has Class D not been more widely used?

It is very efficient from a power dissipation point of view, not suffering from cross-over distortion.

In addition, even if overall negative feedback is used, it has low overall distortion.

On the surface it would appear superior to Classes A and B.

It was invented by my late friend, Dr A H Reeves, who also invented pulse code modulation and the capacitor microphone, both of which have enjoyed enormous success.

In my view and also, if my memory serves me correctly, in Dr Reeves' view, this is quite simply because it doubles up as a transmitter with very sharp rise and fall times on its pulse width modulated waveform.

This means it needs effective screening and filtering which can be difficult, bulky and expensive.

I fully accept that in Andy Gothard's article (EW + WW July 1991) about King's College, there is a circuit system developed by Dr Mark Sandler which produces a very accurate, and indeed ideal, analogue output from the digital (CD) to analogue (PWM power amplifier drive) converter.

But Dr Sandler's circuit has at least three problems.

First, there are unwanted transmissions over the RF spectrum as mentioned earlier.

Secondly, there is distortion introduced in the power amplifier following conversion since unavoidable rise and fall times of the output power stage introduce non-linearity if they are not equal which, in practice and for a number of reasons, they will not be.

Thirdly, overall feedback is not possible in this arrangement, unlike Class D.

Because of the practical difficulties in overcoming the first of these problems, I cannot see, even if the price of the D-to-A converter were a few pence, Class D in its Reeves or Sandler guise making much progress.

This is a shame, since switching in some ways is much better than linear amplification.

 A Sandman London 

Watching for the HDTV con trick

The impressions gained by the Waddington experiments suggest there were more habitual television viewers (4:3) than avid cinema goers (16:9).

Nearly two generations have passed since Hollywood introduced the larger format (incidentally not 16:9) in an attempt to halt the then falling box office revenues.

Since then home viewing has largely taken over from cinema going but there does not seem to have been much criticism of the format as such but perhaps more so the screen size.

Today the increased reliability of television receivers causes commercial concern for set manufacturers and hence their hopeful exploitation of so-called HDTV and change of format.

So-called?

Yes.

The human eye in its best years has a maximum angular resolution of one minute of arc.

In other words it can just distinguish stationary 1mm black vertical lines 1mm apart on a white background at a distance of 3m.

A little mathematics shows that with a monochrome 4:3 70cm CRT one could just resolve a 625 line black and white stationary picture consisting of 4MHz dots using today's European standards at the normal viewing distance.

Any increase in these standards therefore could not be resolved by any earthbound human being.

The introduction of colour and moving scenes involves other aspects.

With the colour mask tube the horizontal definition is theoretically reduced by a factor of three but the eye is quite tolerant to small changes of detail in moving scenes in the opposite direction.

The use of correctly converged colour television projectors with pixels superimposed rather than being shown side by side allows present television standards to be used satisfactorily, and economically, unless and until genetic engineering succeeds in altering human optics.

Incidentally, I have used projection television receivers at home for the last 40 years and, possibly their use does not require the eye to be concentrated in one continuous subtended angle, my in eyes in their fourth quarter century still resolve that one minute of arc!

Based on the above, which HDTV hype cannot alter, I suggest that commercial technical research should concentrate on larger flat screens with superimposed pixels with change of standards but with some attention to the basic defects in the NTSC, Pal and Secam systems which are only mildly irritating.

In any technical comment you make, please remember that a former editor made a passionate technical plea for the retention of 405 lines but failed to realise the commercial advantages which had then already accrued in the 625 line camp.

These do not yet apply in HDTV.

 M Le M Manson Squadron Leader RAF (retired) Rome, Italy 

Baffling stabilisation

Comparison with the original ring-of-two current stabiliser of Peter Williams (WW September 1966) reveals that V Lakshminarayanan has over simplified the circuit to such an extent that it no longer works as a current stabiliser (EW + WW July 1991).

The fault cannot be attributed to a draughting error because the 2N3904 and BC546 are npn transistors and the circuit will pass only 5mA when 2.7V is between A and B.

As for the zener diode D, that is described as being in series with the base of Tr3 which has me completely baffled.

 John C Rudge Harlington Middlesex 

Aerial confusion

J.J. Gameson seems a little confused in his letter in the July issue.

Everything appears OK until he introduces the ferrite rod antenna (aerial).

The null in the directional response of such an antenna is quite independent of the Q of the coil.

It is linked to the magnetic field of the transmitted wave — not the turns of the coil.

Null depth varies in practice, because some antennas respond to the electric field component of the wave as well as to the magnetic field component.

When we come to whip and dipole antennas, Gameson criticises the whip for not being directional and the dipole for being directional!

Incidentally, a horizontal dipole without parasitic elements is not unidirectional it is bi-directional, having exactly the same ‘figure-of-eight’ response as a ferrite rod antenna!

Having noted Gameson's earlier remarks about a ‘deep null’, it is surprising to read that ‘The ferrite rod is electromagnetically non-directional’, and then to return to the ‘very sharp null’ idea in the next paragraph.

Furthermore, VHF ferrite rod antennas are not less affected by standing waves than whips.

Unfortunately Gameson's remark about listeners' confusion is true.

Broadcasters do try to offer advice, but it often goes right over the heads of enquirers.

However, there are two solutions for the quality enthusiast.

In a fringe area, or where distant stations are wanted so that a directional antenna is essential, a rotator can be purchased for quite a modest by today's standards.

Maplin Electronics have one at just under £41.

For those who only need relatively local stations, advantage can be taken of the fact that nearly all FM stations now radiate, either slant-polarised or circularly polarised signals, so that a vertical dipole, completely non-directional in the horizontal plane, gives as much signal as a horizontal one.

This does not of course, apply to Yagi antennas, which are more or less unidirectional.

The BBC Research Department have built FM receivers with ferrite-rod antennas, and published reports on them, but the fact that such receivers are not commercially available, strongly suggest that any technical advantages (if any) do not justify the extra cost.

The wideband cable systems which were trumpeted some years ago could well carry high quality sound as well as umpteen television channels but their development has run into serious economic problems.

There is a new sound broadcasting system under study, for introduction early in the next century.

This is Digital Audio Broadcasting (DAB), which without mathematics, it would be impossible to explain its mechanism in words.

But you will still need an antenna!

 J M Woodgate Rayleigh Essex 

Telepointless

I am bemused by the media attention being focused on the fate of the telepoint services.

The public is being asked to believe that an ill-conceived government has it in for these companies.

This argument just does not hold water.

The whole system was ill-conceived from the outset.

That some very large companies should have lost a great deal of money on their little experiment shows only how unwise their decision to pursue the technology was.

Look at the arguments.

Since calls must be made close to a node, then why not simply find a telephone kiosk — must work these days and the cost will only be at the standard rate.

Then there is the absurd lack of ability to receive calls.

This alone was surely enough to doom the venture from the outset.

Then there is the cost: cellphone equipment is virtually given away with crisp packets and the running cost is only fractionally greater.

Did you ever hear the cellphone operators complaining that the early competition adversely affected their business?

Did you heck!

Given that this was all well-known at the outset what utter fool would believe there could be any money to be made out of such a system.

Well we learned all too well, didn't we?

If any other pioneering company had brought out a call-only cordless telephone, I wonder who would shed tears when it failed to sell.

 Peter Johnsonn Electronic Design Laboratory Bristol 

We told them so — Ed.

Any old valves

It was good to see a reference in your magazine to valve amplification (EW + WW August 1991), but I still have a certain frustration that you may be able to help me with.

I have for many years enjoyed dabbling with valve amplifiers, usually modifying old ones, but all the information I have has to be gleaned from circuit diagrams or an old Mullard handbook containing a selection of designs (I'm sure you know the one!).

Despite many years of searching, I have not yet been able to track down any other source of reference on the design and construction of valve pre and power amplifiers.

Can anyone help?

There must have been text books around at one time but I cannot even identify any titles let alone suppliers.

 DA Ellis Shipston-on-Stour Warwickshire 

Light hearted

With regard to the debate about c and Doppler shifts in the letters pages, light (velocity c ) reflected or emitted from a surface moving with velocity v towards an observer appears to be blue shifted, or red shifted in the case of a receding surface.

As a non-physicist I have often wondered if the difference in photon energy (E' — E = hf' — hf ) of the shifted and unshifted light could be wholly accounted for by the effect of the surface velocity (v ) acting together with the particle equivalent mass of the photon.

The extra energy not being allowed to be expressed as an increase in c appears as a commensurate increase in f, that is:(formula included) where m is the photon equivalent mass (yes I know it is related to E but I am trying not to confuse myself),E is the energy, and h is Mr Plank's claim to fame.

I write this letter in the hope that someone will explain the errors of my ways, forgive me for mixing relativistic and Newtonian physics, and enlighten me.

 Steve Bennett IDT Europe 

Bad vibes

I detect all kinds of vibrations and illnesses in people, animals and plants simply with an old motor car speedometer cable which starts swinging in my hand.

The combination of electric fields (EW + WW February 1990) and earth energy lines is deadly.

When the patient is removed there is a dramatic change for the better!

I have been told the Chinese have a simple inexpensive instrument to trace extra low frequencies.

Could you help me find out if such an instrument is available in the UK?

 George Heye Somerset West South Africa 

For those not familiar with the effects of earth energy lines, Mr Heye sent further documentation with his letter that listed some of the tell tale signs that may show someone is suffering from bad earth vibes.

These include: home making expansion and contraction noises at night (stronger during full moon); cracks in walls and pools; ants and reptiles laying eggs; car battery often flat; suffering pot plants; and twisted trees.

He added that people usually pale below the eyes and above the cheek bones, have many dreams including nightmares and hallucinations, suffer disturbed sleep especially at full moon, get up tired and listless, are prone to attacks of flu, and are driven to drink, drugs and heavy smoking.

He also said that most Westerners laugh at these ideas.

— Ed.

Computing

Graphical formats and file transfer

There is a proliferation of complex graphical file formats.

David Bacon explains how these files are structured, and how graphical information is transferred.

If a picture is worth a thousand words, it might take a thousand words to describe a picture.

This is the first thing you notice about graphics interchange files — they tend to be long.

The second thing is that there are an awful lot of them.

Do we really need.

CGM,.

CUT,.

DXF,.

EPS,.

GIF,.

IMG,.

PCX,.

PIC,.

TIF, and many other types of file, all to do the same job?

Standardisation has never been the IT industry's strong point, and the answer is ‘probably not’.

However, they don't actually all do the same job.

The application of computer graphics is wide — from management pie-charts to mapping Mars.

Broadly speaking, however, there are about four general reasons for files which transfer graphics information:

—

To save or transfer drawings made on cad systems;

—

To save or transfer images from computer art systems, scanners, or acquired from a camera;

—

To control advanced printers;

—

To communicate between networked graphical user interfaces (GUIs) and host computers.

Inside such files there are two fundamentally different methods of describing graphical information.

Some graphics files use one method or the other exclusively, others can mix the two methods in the same file:

—

A high-level approach, sometimes referred to as a drawing description or vector file, or ‘meta file’;

—

A low-level approach based upon the pixel information used to display a digital image, sometimes referred to as bit mapped, raster based, or image file.

Drawing description files

The main application of these files is in cad.

Computer aided design (cad) systems are the draughtsman's equivalent of a word processor.

For a skilled operator it is faster and easier to produce a new drawing, and once a drawing is on file, making changes and producing updated versions becomes much more efficient.

In a large team effort, different people can be working on separate aspects of a design, with changes rapidly distributed to all of them.

Cad transfer files normally describe drawings in a way which is referred to ‘device neutral’.

To give an example, a statement in a cad file might consist of ‘CIRCLE 10.5 24.75 3.9’.

It doesn't take too much imagination to guess that this means ‘draw a circle centred at x = 10.5, y = 24.75, and of radius 3.9, in whatever units we happen to be using at the moment’.

This is describing the circle, not how the circle is drawn.

In fact, it is describing the circle in the most accurate way possible.

Any attempt to actually draw the circle is bound to have some kind of imperfection, such as the irregularities if a bit mapped device, or servo non-linearities in an X-Y plotter.

But the cad transfer file is concerned with the object itself, not how it is portrayed.

(The Greek philosophers were aware of this point, that perfection only exists in virtuality.

Any attempt to produce something in reality leads to imperfection.

For example, we can all sing perfectly in tune in our heads.)

However, although ‘device neutral’ in the above sense, a cad file must support the features of the cad system which produced it.

Since such features, which can be very powerful, differ for various cad systems, output files tend to be ‘system specific’.

Transferring work between systems which do not support a common interchange file format requires translation software, and raises the problem of how to handle features of one system not supported by the other, or handled differently.

Drawing description files are normally ascii text files, with the drawing attributes and all relevant set-up information described in a suitably coded but printable form.

One reason for this, rather than the use of binary data, is that it allows the file to be sent via communications channels coded for 7-bit plus parity.

Another advantage is that the file is printable, and can be checked by eye if necessary.

The coding normally consists of keyboards and parameters.

For instance, we could have ‘CIRCLE X Y R’, or ‘LINE X1 Y1 X2 Y2’.

POLYLINES is another useful device, consisting of an indefinite sequence of X/Y pairs to be interconnected by straight lines.

Polylines can efficiently describe shapes made from visibly straight lines, such as rectangles, or by using points sufficiently close together, complex curves such as spirals.

In similar ways, arcs, ellipses and regular polygons can be described.

A more advanced drawing ‘primitive’, as these basic shapes are called, is the spline.

This was originally a flexiblestrip used by railwaymen to get smooth curves when laying railway lines.

In a cad system it is an electronic ‘French curves’.

The basic idea is that a few parameters are turned into a smooth curve by a standardised computation.

One particularly useful type, shown in Fig. 1, is defined by the position of each end (x and y), plus the direction of a tangent to the spline at each end (a).

Fig. 1 illustrates that by linking such splines at a common point and opposite tangent directions, an indefinite length of smooth curve can be defined with relatively little data.

Providing the underlying maths is the same for all systems using the file, the same shape will be reproduced each time.

Cad systems which work in 3 dimensions will produce ‘drawing’ description files which actually describe the object being drawn, using 3D position co-ordinates.

To get a view of the object a viewpoint and direction must be stated, and the system then computes the required 2D projection.

This is ideal for visualisation applications, such as planning the use of 3D space, impact of new buildings, style of a car body, etc.

System parameters also need to be described in drawing description files, such as:—

—

Definition of fonts for textual information;

—

Line styles, widths, varieties of dashed lines, etc;

—

Styles of area fill, hatching patterns, etc;

—

Layers.

Layers are an important part of most cad systems.

They allow a drawing to consist of several layers, equivalent to overlaid transparent sheets, each containing a different aspect of the drawing.

For instance, an architect may want an office floor plan with walls, furniture, plumbing, electrical wiring, and air conditioning all shown on different layers.

The plan can then be produced in different versions showing different aspects of the overall design.

All such detail goes into the drawing description of file.

The result can be a very long document in a complicated coding scheme, but it forms a powerful description of design information without any compromise made in accuracy.

Examples of drawing description file formats are:—

—

Initial Graphics Exchange Specification (Iges): this appeared in 1980.

It uses ascii character coding, and tends to produce very long files.

Perhaps in view of this, a compressed format is available.

—

Computer Graphics Metafile (CGM): this became an ansi standard in 1986.

There is a choice of file coding in ascii or binary form to suit different applications.

—

Drawing Exchange Format (DXF): this originates from AutoCad.

It is in widespread use, and is supported by other cad systems.

A glance at a short section of a DXF file, see Fig. 2, might lead to the conclusion that whoever designed the format either had shares in a paper manufacturing company, or a grudge against rain forests.

A printed DXF file is quickly recognisable by consisting mainly of a narrow strip of short lines down the left hand margin of each page, usually a large number of pages, and a great deal of white paper.

It needs to be remembered that the format is not primarily designed for printing on paper; this is just a handy feature.

Part of the power of cad is how the powerful graphics capabilities can give a friendly solidness to engineering drawings.

Unfortunately, much less friendly is the relation between systems when it comes to file transfer.

AutoCAD picture by Nick Manning, AutoDesk 

Fig. 1.

Smooth join between two splines

Fig. 2.

Binary tree to generate variable length codes

Fig. 3.

Fragment of DXF file with comments

Another feature of DXF files is that alternate lines consist of a simple integer.

This is a key point of the format.

Each item of information is wrapped up in two lines of the file.

The integer declares what kind of information is on the next line, and the following lines gives a name or a numerical value.

Fig. 3 shows the same section of DXF file with explanatory comments.

It is a long way short of defining the format, but gives the flavour.

The very rigid structure looks tedious and clumsy to us humans, but we are not meant to be reading it.

Processors like it.

Bit image files

As powerful as drawing description files can be, they would get a bit unworkable if faced with, say, a colour photograph of a budgerigar.

This is exactly the kind of picture which we might want to save from a screen paintbrush job; lovely blends of colour, subtle shades and shapes, and not a straight line anywhere.

Images captured from TV, sent back from space, or more prosaically produced by a document scanner, are likely to fall into the same category.

For this type of picture the bit image file comes into its own.

The picture is written to file in terms of pixels, individual spots of light or ink which, in suitably large numbers, create the picture.

In some cases a bit image is little more than a memory dump of video ram.

Video ram like most memory, is usually organised in 8-bit wide words, or bytes, but interpreted in a bit oriented manner.

Fig. 4 shows the first few bytes of video ram, with addresses running from the base address upwards.

For a monochrome monitor, where each pixel is either ON or OFF, each bit will control one pixel.

Typically, bits are taken in most significant to least significant order in each byte, and in ascending address order.

So starting with b7 of the base address byte and reading left to right across the diagram, the sequence of bits controls the pixels of the top row of the screen, also from left to right.

At the end of the top row the sequence of bits starts at the left hand end of the second screen row, and so on.

It is obviously convenient for line boundaries to coincide with byte boundaries, and the horizontal resolution of VDU screen is invariably a multiple of eight.

For a colour monitor, more than one bit is needed to describe each pixel, and there are two approaches to this.

In the ‘packed-pixel’ method, the sequence of memory bits is divided into blocks according to the number of bits required per pixel.

Thus for 16 colour screen, where each pixel requires four bits, each byte would describe two pixels.

Typically, bits b7 to b4 of the first byte would control the top left hand pixel, and so on.

This is illustrated in Fig. 5, where the first few pixels are more widely spaced simply to fit everything into the diagram.

In the ‘bit plane’ method, Fig. 4 is, in effect, duplicated for as many bits as are needed for each pixel.

For a 16 colour monitor, there would be four such sequences of bytes in different blocks of memory, each starting from a different base address.

Each memory block is called a ‘bit plane’, and supplies one of the bits needed for each pixel.

This is illustrated in Fig. 6, showing typical mapping from the start of the four bit plane base addresses and the first line of pixels on the screen.

The main body of a bit image file consists of data bytes with bit mapping similar to figs 3 to 5.

Bit image files normally have a fixed format header giving general information about the file and its format.

One way to handle different bit mapping schemes is to include in the header details such as the number of bit planes, bits per pixel, pixels per scan line, and the number of scan lines.

This low level pixel oriented approach obviously makes sense for complex images with no formal structure, such as budgerigars.

It does, however, have its drawbacks.

One is length.

a 640 by 480 pixel 16 colour screen has 307,200 pixels, each described by four bits, thus requiring 153.6 Kbyte of storage.

So bit image files frequently use data compression.

Since data compression relies on redundancy in the information to be compressed, performance is affected by the nature of the data.

There are various methods which can be used for  computer files (see box ‘Getting quarts into pint pots’).

Run Length Limitation (RLL) is probably the most common for bit image files, although the LZW algorithm is also in use.

In the future, compression using techniques from digital TV, or based on fractal theory, could become important.

Another problem is compatibility.

While a cad transfer file can describe objects with the accuracy of floating point numbers, a bit image file is restricted to a digitising process.

Far from being device neutral, the image file is usually coded in a way which reflects the device which first produced it.

How should it handle transfers between different resolutions?

At first sight the obvious answer might be to convert all images to some enormously high resolution which would satisfy any possible requirement.

Mature reflection — say two seconds — makes this less attractive.

However high you choose this super resolution, the day will come when it's not enough.

Another point is that it would make most bit image files far longer than necessary.

The best scheme, by far, is to do what is normally done, ie., write a bit image file in terms of the resolution available at the time it is created.

If you want to display it on a device with different resolution, you have the following options:—

—

If the new resolution is greater than the original, you can show your entire image at its original resolution in part of your new display device, ie., in a window of it.

If you want to, you can expand it to fill the complete display by using a suitable expansion algorithm.

—

If the new resolution is less than the original, you can show part of the original at full resolution, and pan it around if appropriate, or compress it to make it all visible.

In any case, keep the original bit image file.

It represents all of the available picture information, and no surplus information.

Remember that any compressed or expanded version of a bit image will contain distortions of the original, however, intelligent the algorithms used.

Examples of bit image file formats are:

—

Paintbrush/Frieze PCX format: Paintbrush is a screen drawing programme from Zsoft, and Frieze is a terminate-stay-resident utility which can be used by other applications to capture a screen to a.

PCX file.

I can find Frieze invaluable for capturing graphical output from number crunching software.

The PCX format starts with a 128 byte header giving various general details, including bits/pixel, the number of bit planes, and the size of the image in pixels.

This is followed by the binary pixel data, compressed with bit oriented Run Length Limitation coding (see box).

—

Bit Image (IMG) format: this is used by the GEM system.

The header information includes the physical size of each pixel, in microns, thus linking the image firmly to its original representation.

The binary pixel information is compressed by RLL coding which can define repetitions of a single bit value, or of a repeated bit pattern.

—

Screen files, or SCR, are used by a number of screen painting programmes, including VGA Paint.

This format handles the problem of different screen sizes and resolutions by using a filename extension of.

SCX, where ‘X’ indicates the format.

Thus, for example, a 16 colour 640 by 480 screen would generate an.

SCV file.

