‘Just follow your little heart,’ she commented; as she ever did in matters of important self-expression.)
Coming as it did from such a family — not only from Lazarus' and Lyon's own strenuous devotions to their faith, in which names are of the greatest significance, but also from that of Solomon Klinitsky-Klein, his maternal grandfather and his very similar tradition.
‘All hell rules over the man who is angry,’ says the Talmud, and by September 1939, when Leonard was beginning to come to terms with the thresholds of life's reality, hell was ruling the world, or at least appeared to be.
War had been declared, and the fate of Czechoslovakia, Austria and Poland was sealed, as it would be for several other countries.
The Montreal into which Leonard was born was deeply segmented, as is Canada itself in its famous ‘two solitudes’, the legacy of its Franco-British history; a difficult dimension for those outside its rivalries to understand.
Leonard was fortunate to come to it when he did, for he was able to enter into the fruits and the confidence born of it, as well as classical English literature.
We do.
The choices are both a reflection of his inner confusion, and a statement of his determination to let his curiosity run wherever it would -and that long before ‘mixed’ courses were popular.
And his third year First Class results (known at McGill as ‘Great Distinction’) in English demonstrate where his heart truly lay, as did his obtaining the coveted Chester Macnaughton Prize for ‘Creative Writing’ in 1955; as well as the Peterson Memorial Prize in literature.
He omitted, as he was wont to do, his middle name, Norman; he put the present year down for his date of birth, not 1934; and instead of entering ‘Canadian’ for his parents' and his own nationality, he entered ‘Jewish’.
Layton described the four things which stand out in Leonard, which give him the confidence to work as he does, and promote his work: The strong tradition of learning; the business entrepreneurship of his family; the broad philanthropy/charity which hall-marked it; and, lastly, the self-awareness that comes from being a Cohen — not understood as class-distinction, but from the high symbolism of ‘the priest and his role.’
They were not sure that they would see 30; millions had not, scarcely a decade ago.
Moreover, he is angry that the rest of us — including the so-called caring brotherhood of World Federalists and Communists — do not.
But could he have been?
The first lines gripped him; as did the next verse; and then the whole poem.
Head coverings were normal, as was the removal of one's shoes;(in some quarters the placing of dust or earth on one's head, even flesh-cutting and head-shaving, were tolerated).
A.M. Klein, a Jewish Montreal poet of considerable skill understood the matter, as Woodcock could not:
With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.
Ginsberg's Howl actually came out while Leonard was there, doing for the fifties and sixties generation what Eliot's The Waste Land did for the twenties and thirties, and not least Ginsberg's ‘A Supermarket In California’, in which he questioned Lorca's lonely habits; as did Lawrence Ferlinghetti's Picture Of The Gone World .
With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.
With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.
A more powerful figure it would not be possible to evoke from one of Leonard's background, for it captures a significance which the kite could not: that man is only one of many free creatures, subject with them all to a higher power and influence.
In essence his message was very simple, as the products of such geniuses tend to be.
But she would never forget the very different lifestyle of her early years — she was 20 when they emigrated; the veneration of her father and her father's father, the gross insecurity under which they lived; the ever-present threat of injury and loss, and the belittling malice; experiences which moulded and coloured her whole existence, as did her knowledge of Polish, Russian and Yiddish.
As do the stories she told him.
Nathan Cohen was one of them, and he had just cause to fear the upturn of the events, as did his younger brother, Horace.
His humour constantly breaks through in asides and anecdotes, as does a delightful and mastering smile that transforms his face like Aegean sunlight on a frowning sea.
As was his general demeanour.
‘I could get anyone under the spell,’ he says, adding that he had hypnotised their maid (as Breavman had in The Favourite Game ) and feared that he had driven her insane by it!
By the time the first sharp feelings of his loss had begun to wear off -it would be very many years before all of it did so, and arguable that it ever did — other voices were beckoning.
The ‘Dionysiac’ qualities of life were an essential part of Layton's view; they were so in Leonard's, too.
The sexual feelings were there, and were overwhelming, as they are to many teenagers.
RELATIONSHIP TO CAMP STAFF: He is well liked by the entire staff and they enjoy his company just as he does theirs.
It went well, as did the second and the third lessons.
The daughter, apparently, had no feelings; she did not come into the picture, as elder sisters frequently do not.
Or was he?
But he was honest enough to say that he was ‘fascinated’ by it too; as he was by all forms of physical violence.
Ironically, they both live there now; and Leonard does not, having opted for their former, downtown, districts!
They reflect the sense of disquietude, of alienation even, that broke into his consciousness, wrenching him from contentment and popularity and success into a feeling of grave unrest; as they have continued to do, exacerbated by his own failures and guilt.
Neither do the 30 odd thousand people who read the Gazette on March 11.
Neither do you.
Neither was I.
It sounds like a soap opera but so does any tragedy (!) that happens to real people.
But recent reality had also taken its toll: his father's lamented death, his guitar teacher's suicide, and that of a cousin; the presence of his grandfather Klinitsky-Klein, now reduced unhappily to senility in his mother's house (at which he would surprise Leonard by encountering him suddenly, in odd moments of clarity, saying, ‘Oh, yes, you're the writer, aren't you?’) created other pressures.
But did anyone else?
Leonard's poem, ‘Out Of The Land Of Heaven’ majestically captures that noble spirit, as it does the depth and beauty of human love and the song to which it gives birth.
It is typical of him to assert, as Judaism does roundly, that all work is honourable; and deny that the reliance on special work and destiny (‘God's work’) elevates a man per se .
She took his breath away, as she did most men's.
It was a place of solitude, of plodding donkeys (even today no cars are allowed on the island; nor would they get very far if they were); cold water and kerosene lamps.
‘Night’ itself occurs several times in his early books of poetry, as it was bound to do, and its references are of an intimidating sort: ‘the night never ending’(in ‘Letter’), and ‘the clinic of your thighs against the night’(in Let Us Compare Mythologies ; the latter intimating that other experience of the night which such high thinkers as Bertrand Russell found laden with sexual feelings).
In the meantime we may note that, right or wrong, balanced or not, Leonard spoke from the heart — as did the prophets of old; the sell-out qualities of the book demonstrated the need, as well as his astuteness in compiling his selection.
Somehow his feelings became detached from the critical procedures (not that he does not handle and assess his own work critically, which he does).
Secondly, there is distortion introduced in the power amplifier following conversion since unavoidable rise and fall times of the output power stage introduce non-linearity if they are not equal which, in practice and for a number of reasons, they will not be.
This does indeed seem like getting something for nothing, but is it really?
However, this seems to be a red herring, since the standard Buck topology uses a pair of inductors (though not coupled) and a single transistor switch just as the Cuk topology does, but need no other energy coupling device.
Since a perfectly symmetric waveform foes not contain even harmonics and an asymmetric one does, a possible technique would be to isolate the even harmonics as the usable signal.
Such a material does not of course exist…or does it?
Those who haven't would do well to browse the informative manual — an impressive publication liberally sprinkled with graphic illustrations of the program's functions and various points to note.
The visual similarity in the detailed structure is obvious as is the regular nature of the rhythm (Fig. 3 above left).
They need to be.
The terminals worked on a line by line basis, with the screen information scrolling upwards just as it would on a teleprinter roll.
The East and West African cables for example had to cross Portuguese territory, as did the South America cable which used the island of Madeira as a way-station.
In tropical oceans, there is also the problem of the teredo worm, one of the lamellibranch family of boring molluscs, whose destructive vigour proved as deadly to submarine cables as it had previously done to ships' timbers, wharves and sea dykes.
Somehow Beethoven did, though it was not, one feels, a reading he would have approved.
It seems a fair bet that Joe Public finds it as hard to feel sorry for rodents as Winston Smith did, and though these lobotomised specimens were of the cuter white kind, it was possibly to watch this sequence without feeling many qualms.
‘I still kind of don't believe it,’ Cale mumbles into his sleeve, although modesty is not one of his foremost traits; frankness, bravery and literacy are.
There was little hope of falling asleep again; there never was when she woke in the early hours.
I'll see that he doesn't.
‘Yes, it has been for the last hour.’
She didn't go to the inquest but Alex did, although he never told her what happened there.
She remembered Elizabeth saying in the first weeks of her engagement to Alex, ‘Do you know, you're a rather intimidating couple?’ and she had been tempted to reply, ‘Oh, we are, we are.’
He isn't.
He is.
He had liked her, respected her, had always been at ease in her company, but he had never thought that he really knew her, and now he never would.
Built in an age of faith, the tower had stood as a symbol, too, of that final unquenchable hope that even the sea would yield up her dead and that their God was God of the waters as he was of the land.
Dalgliesh was unable to think of a single excuse why it shouldn't be.
‘You could if you wanted to.
Do you?’
‘Yes, I think that I am.
I came here to escape from the problems of my life in London and, without really meaning to, I came as far east as I could get.’
They don't want to but she's a strong-minded woman and very insistent, and if she telephones after dusk and I'm not there it will increase the pressure on them.’
It won't be just the three of us, will it?
The question did not appear to surprise her but it did surprise him, as did the very fact that they were walking so companionably together.
She said: ‘Well, why don't you?
‘You could if you wanted to.
And if he had been unconfiding, then so had she.
His father would have expected him to be brave, would have told him that God was God of the darkness as He was of the light.
He said: ‘If he doesn't select and stalk his victim, and obviously he didn't in the last three cases, he'd normally have to expect a long wait.
‘Yes,’ said Dalgliesh, 'we're so sated now with scientific wonders that it's a bit disconcerting when we find that technology can do everything except what we want it to.’
His newborn son's face he could still recall vividly and sometimes did in his dreams, that white unsullied look of sweet knowledgeable contentment, as if , in a brief moment of life, he had seen and known all there was to know, seen it and rejected it.
Ma-in-law didn't like the idea of her being in Norfolk with the Whistler on the prowl, not with me working the hours I do.’
‘It looks as if the Whistler's getting closer, doesn't it, in more ways than one.’
Rickards didn't want it to become public knowledge and it won't.
Alex Mair was beginning to say that he, of course, would drive her but Meg extricated herself clumsily from her chair and said, a little too eagerly: ‘I'd be grateful if you would.
‘Completely fortuitous, I should say, wouldn't you?
Even if they had, I wouldn't have remembered the name.
He knew that he had somehow to stay here on the headland, to keep always in view that monstrous building which dominated his imagination as it did his view.
And this issue he had been hard put to it to find a couple of intelligent letters for the correspondence page; sometimes it seemed that every crackbrain in north-east Norfolk read the PANUP newsletter but that no one else did.
Or I will if you're too scared.‘
‘Could be either, couldn't it?
You could read about Him if you wanted to.
You didn't like it any more than I did.
He doesn't, but you do.
And by the end you know everything, or think you do.
Rickards said: ‘You'd think so, wouldn't you.’
He doesn't, but you do.
‘The police are keeping it quiet, or trying to.
‘But I'm right, aren't I?
He met her glance and said, with equal quietness: ‘But there's a difference, isn't there?
She was strangled all right, or I suppose she was.
‘Oh, I didn't mention that, did I?
In theory he supposed he could organize PANUP from anywhere in the UK, but he knew that it was irrevocably bound to Larksoken headland, to the caravan, to that concrete mass five miles to the north which had power, apparently, to dominate his will as it did his imagination.
Soon after she arrived at the caravan he had said: ‘I'm vegetarian but I don't expect you to be, or Timmy.’
Nor was he.
They never do.’
You'd feel that you had to.
And yes, I did make gingerbread men with currants for their eyes, didn't you?’
The door at Martyr's Cottage stood open as it often did in sunny weather, and she called out to Alice before, in response to her answering voice, moving down the corridor to the kitchen.
They could look at the power station without the slightest premonition of disaster and the horror of the Whistler seemed as much beyond their interest as it was their comprehension.
Already he had half decided that it had to be.
It wasn't important to her, or if it was, she had decided to drop it, at least for now.
‘I can — wish her dead, I mean.
I mean, it's no secret, is it?’
‘Then someone else did, one of the regulars in the Local Hero, maybe.
‘You did.’
‘Well, with you gone I could go to the DHSS, couldn't I?
Bloody hell it won't.
‘I don't.
If men want to they usually do.’
If men want to they usually do.’
Of course she would.
And there were those other questions he wanted to ask but daren't.
He's got a wood stove in there, hasn't he?
He had been as surprised and chagrined at her choice as he had at the prospect of taking up a new job with an unknown PA, but there had been an additional and more disturbing reaction.
‘Well, you would, wouldn't you?
‘Well, you would, wouldn't you?
That means he doesn't really want to.
Or aren't we?’
‘No, I don't.
This annual jamboree was an unwieldy but useful public relations exercise which needed careful preparation, including as it did representatives from the interested government departments, local authorities, police, fire and water authorities, the National Farmers Union and the Country Landowners' Association.
‘No, he isn't, not very fond.
The press got hold of it somehow, as they usually do, but there's nothing official yet.
‘Then why do you?
Mair said calmly: The answer is that it hasn't; the publicity was premature.
‘No, he doesn't.
Dalgliesh said: ‘But isn't it?
‘Yes, I think I would, but I'm not a moral philosopher.’
Are they, Adam?’
‘That's the question, isn't it?
I know I should have been.
‘Have I?
I suppose I have.
‘Of course you would.
That's why, when people don't, we call them heroes and give them medals.
‘Oh, I did, I did!
No woman should until he's caught.’
And I thought you felt as I did, that it was impossible for you to have a child.’
‘Oh, I did, I did!
Of course he would, poor sod.
Is it?’
‘This is what it's all about, isn't it?
If he hasn't, then nothing does.’
And that's something you've never understood, have you?
If he hasn't, then nothing does.’
How could I?
You were detached about it all, weren't you?
It was the first time they had met although he had known of her existence as he had of all the handful of people who lived, as the Lydsett villagers said, ‘t'other side of the gate’.
The oval dining table and the chairs were modern as were the Wedgwood dinner service and the elegant glasses.
I suppose he'd feel entitled to use a woman's body for this purpose as he would any other.
But why the hell should he?
‘People usually are when they can't get what they want.’
‘Did I?
If, with the new job, he moved back to London she wouldn't follow him, and nor, she knew, would he expect her to.
She remembered Elizabeth saying in the first weeks of her engagement to Alex, ‘Do you know, you're a rather intimidating couple?’ and she had been tempted to reply, ‘Oh, we are, we are.’
Firmly replacing the lid he marvelled, as he always did, at the difference one girl and an eighteen-month-old baby could make to the volume of household waste.
It was a disagreeable story and coming as it did after the impact of the portrait it provoked in Dalgliesh a mixture of depression and foreboding which he tried to shake off as irrational.
‘You didn't know I could do it, did you?’
They could have been painted from picture postcards and probably were.
Sometimes she saw the three of them as expatriates, stranded in some remote colony, obstinately adhering to old customs, a lost way of life, as they did to old forms of worship.
If your father agrees, would you like to come and help with the table like you did last month?’
‘They are, the other side.
He said: ‘Presumably he knows that and he'll get out when he can, but it won't be easy.
‘I've no doubt there is, particularly in the Local Hero where Ryan Blaney spends most of his time and money.
‘Oh no, it wasn't.
He's paying the rent regularly, isn't he?
The dominance of orthodox economic policies, cautious pragmatism and consensus politics reflected the mood of the British electorate in the 1920s rather more than did the utopian assumptions of the Die-hard remnant.
The party  divisions between leading reformers such as Lloyd George, Mosley and Macmillan also hindered co-operation, as did personal hostility within political parties (on all occasions between Mosley and Ernest Bevin in the Labour movement and intermittently between Lloyd George and Keynes in the Liberals).
But I was, and that's always going to be the brute difference between us, isn't it?
But this time I did.
I have to hand it to myself, I really do.
But I was, and that's always going to be the brute difference between us, isn't it?
That worked out really well, didn't it?
I haven't suddenly become incredibly witty and good-looking — you'd have noticed, wouldn't you?— or a high-flier with a huge family that takes Gillian into its bosom.
I do find the colonials tend to be rather over-zealous in their use of oak, don't you?’
It's supposed to be a key moment, isn't it?
But perhaps someone did — does — fancy Mme Wyatt.
(And the prospective mothers-in-law must be aware that this is going through the young man's mind, mustn't they?
People never did.
Every time I looked in the mirror — and I can be a very careful driver if I want to be — I saw the languid bride with shuttered eyes and hair adrift.
You think you know people, don't you?
I know you don't — you've told me that before.
I never thought I could work with someone like Oliver there, but I can.
I read in the paper this morning that if you smoke you're less likely to develop Alzheimer's disease than if you don't.
But he doesn't, and I'm less and less convinced I'd react like that if he did.
Some of the men I went out with were ‘old enough to be my father’ as they say; on the other hand, many weren't.
That's perfectly obvious to anyone, isn't it?
That's something women know, isn't it — when the time is right?
Why do they go on the way they do, making a huge fuss about little things and then ignoring what ought to be much more important?
No, I don't mean she's pregnant, though I wouldn't mind too much if she were.
You don't?
We spent a long time on the sofa that evening, and I would have stayed the night if he'd asked me but he didn't.
Or rather, I do.
He obviously thought it was funny, what  he was doing, but it wasn't at all.
That's the trouble with people like Ollie, I think: when they come off they're really good company, and when they don't they miss by a mile.
You've been talking to him, haven't you?
Stuart's been bleating on about how I changed my name, hasn't he?
I really don't.
The show went off as well as these things do.
Anyway, you can't go through the whole of your life being called Nigel , can you?
They couldn't understand it at the time, and nor could I. None of us has any religious sense, there weren't any fundamentalist kinsmen to pacify: the absence of a fellow in a frilly white frock wouldn't have led to the suppuku of disinheritance.
It doesn't happen very often, of course, which makes it all the more satisfying when it does.
Perhaps if she had, things would have been different, I don't know.
Did I marry Stuart because I thought he wouldn't let me down the way my father had?
Words don't always hit the mark, do they?
You can't say that, can you?
Gillian You don't know exactly when you fall in love with someone, do you?
First he told them to lay off me, and when they sneered and said what would happen if they didn't, he merely replied, ‘A series of inexplicable misfortunes.’
And everyone has to have an answer, don't they?
It doesn't sound much, does it?
We stayed friends even though he went to university and I didn't, even though he went off to Nineveh and Distant Ophir and I didn't, even though I went into the Bank and had a steady job while he flitted from one bit of temporary work to another and eventually ended up teaching English as a foreign language in a side street off the Edgware Road.
Well that's a perfectly good monicker up to the age of about nine, but pretty soon you'd have to do something about it, wouldn't you?
Stuart In a way it's a surprise that the Edwardian has survived, but I'm rather pleased it has.
At that age you don't discuss whether or not you're going to be friends, you just are.
We stayed friends even though he went to university and I didn't, even though he went off to Nineveh and Distant Ophir and I didn't, even though I went into the Bank and had a steady job while he flitted from one bit of temporary work to another and eventually ended up teaching English as a foreign language in a side street off the Edgware Road.
And sometimes sooner than I do.
You think I'm a patronising pudendum, don't you?
Well, maybe ‘blossom’ is an exaggeration, but I told Gillian one or two of Oliver's jokes, and we talked about being apprehensive over coming to the group, and then it emerged that she was half-French, and I had something to say about that, and the estate agent tried to bring in Germany but we weren't having any of it, and before I knew where I was I had half-turned my shoulder to exclude the other chap and was saying, ‘Look, I know you've only more or less just arrived, but you wouldn't like a spot of supper would you?
Half the world seems to have confidence and half the world doesn't, and I don't know how you make the jump from one half to the other.
Some people are naturally good at it and others aren't.
But he doesn't, and I'm less and less convinced I'd react like that if he did.
Perhaps you do.
He probably wants to but can't bring himself to.’
He probably wants to but can't bring himself to.’
It is, oh it is.
It is, oh it is.
You will help spread the word, won't you?
You're not wearing make-up, are you?’
No, I didn't think you would.
‘It's not true about Rosa, is it?’ she asked yesterday.
‘What isn't?’
I said I did.
‘Oh God,’ I replied, launching myself at the Moroccan fabric, ‘he hasn't blown the gaff on my war wound, has he?
I never intended to.
He's got Gillian, hasn't he?
We both have.’
‘You don't…
Maybe what I did was an act of complicity, or looked as if it could have been.
‘You don't…’
Everyone does.
I've got to.’
‘Oh, but I will.
Apparently there'd been this girl, Spanish or Portuguese I think, and Ollie had been giving her private lessons at his flat, and he thought she fancied him, and he'd had a couple of Special Brews at the time and thought she  was just shy, and then he tried kissing her, and it's the old, old, sordid story, isn't it?
So when I next got Oliver alone, I said to him quietly, ‘Look, you can tell me, you didn't resign, did you?’
And I did.
He didn't; instead, he sorted them out in two weeks flat.
No I don't.
No, I'm not, but I'm doing the equivalent.
And when I did I found I couldn't concentrate on my work at all.
I'm very glad I did.
I just suspect she'd want me to.
I'm neither a salivating cheque-signer (how could I be?), nor an orchidectomised walker; I just happen to know that my eye, my sense of colour, my nous about fabric are all superior to those of both Stuart and Gillian combined.
‘I don't either,’ I finally said.
The old Oliver wouldn't have had any…trouble like that, and if he did he'd just have danced away from it.
A lot of that sarcasm is just bravado, and if I can put up with his teasing, can't you?
I had a friend — well, I still do, it's just that we're temporarily out of touch — called Alison.
So he got wetter than I did.
Nothing she said, just a way she has of slightly turning and doing something else and not replying as quickly as she might.
She…well, you've seen her for yourself, haven't you?
I wanted to add, ‘It isn't for long’, or something like that, but you don't exactly say that between friends, do you?
You did?
There we stood, side by side at those hip-high porcelain  scoops, each staring grimly ahead at some Mexican firing-squad in the way that Englishmen do, neither dropping his gaze for a squint at the other's tackle.
I don't mean I shouldn't — no, I've got lots of reasons now — it's just that I'm uncomfortable with it.
That's rather awful isn't it?
But now I instinctively thought, Oh no you didn't Ollie, you didn't resign, you got sacked.
I suppose it's something to do with me being happy, being married, knowing where I am: I can see things more clearly now than I used to.
It didn't need much concentration, and all through the morning I kept getting interrupted by the thought of Oliver standing there not being able to say anything, and then practically shouting what he did.
Linzi won't neither.
But I do.
I do, I do!)
I do, I do!)
He can be really clever when he wants to be.
I didn't go to university, Nigel did.
It's true, and it's quite a thought, isn't it?
Probably not very much, no reason why you should.
I suppose it was because we know he's been highly-strung lately — his peculiar behaviour at the airport, for a start — that it took longer than it should have done for me to think over properly what had happened.
Sorry, absolutely no reason why you should.
Part of me didn't think I ever would, part of me disapproved, part of me was a little scared, to tell the truth.
Normally when he and I were with girls he would be all competitive, even if he wasn't meaning to be.
But one is forced, upon contemplating Stuart, to conclude that if he is not currently d'un certain âge , he nevertheless might as well be.
Having Oliver with us helped, I'm sure it did.
He pretended he wasn't but I could tell.
You don't mind if I do?
While Hazel gazed, the wind slowly veered round into the west, as Cowslip had said it would, and brought the rain driving into the mouth of the hole.
"It's true what he said, isn't it?
They did not talk for talking's sake, in the artificial manner that human beings — and sometimes even their dogs and cats — do.
But they didn't.
A lot of the burrows are lying empty, you know: rats live in one part, but the man kills them as well, when he can.
Hazel suspected that if Fiver felt they ought to cross the river, it might be dangerous not to.
But if you cross a river you start going up again, don't you?
In fact, I think you'll have to."
"Yes, of course it would.
 "No, I'm not," answered Hazel firmly.
But a few survived, as they always do.
You know that, don't you?"
It's meant to be."
These scrapes aren't very deep or comfortable, are they?
 "Perhaps we have," said Bigwig.
 "I'm sure you do," said Cowslip, looking round at the  mudstained, bedraggled rabbits with an air of being too polite to comment.
Old Cowslip wasn't afraid to come into the middle of us, was he?"
"If he's not honest, he'll know we're afraid to come and if he is, he'll think we're suspicious, cowardly skulkers.
He pulled out a burnet leaf and ate it slowly, concealing his fear as best he could; for all his instincts were warning him of the dangers in the unknown country beyond the warren.
He came close to the stranger and sniffed, as Hazel had done.
You think he's in danger, don't you?
I'll be as quick as I can and you'll have to hope for the best until I get back.
"Yes, I must.
They had no Chief Rabbit — no, how could they?— for a Chief Rabbit must be El-ahrairah to his warren and keep them from death: and here there was no death but one, and what Chief Rabbit could have an answer to that?
You suggested that Hazel should tell them our adventures, Blackberry, but it didn't go down well, did it?
"So are all of us.
 "So he darned well ought to be," replied Bigwig, "the great dandy" for by their standards, Strawberry was scrupulously clean and fastidious.
"He's a nuisance, isn't he?
"Well, you didn't get Fiver into it, did you?
We'll —"
 "They put that stuff there and then the hrududil run on it — faster than we can; and what else can run faster than we?" 
 "I don't think Pipkin's got any idea what really happened; but I have." 
Bigwig was racing back across the field, looking more agitated than he had at any time since the encounter with Captain Holly.
We supposed you would.
But I don't think there are enough of you, are there, to live very comfortably on your own?
But then, if a lot of rabbits were afraid of some newcomers and wanted to deceive them — get them down a hole and attack them — they'd start — wouldn't they?— by sending someone who was plausible.
 "Well, this is the place all right, isn't it, Hazel?" said Dandelion lazily.
 "Well, there's no need to do any serious digging, is there?" said Bigwig.
Or I'll try to.
He did not want to believe Fiver, and he was afraid not to.
If he was terrified, why did he not run for safety, as any sensible rabbit would?
"It'll come there — don't think it won't!
"It is Hazel, isn't it?
 "I don't think we can," said Silver.
Now that I've learnt about it, I want to get away from it as soon as I can."
They won't leave me behind, will they?"
 "I hope it's the crow, don't you?" said Silver.
 "You saved Pipkin and me, didn't you?" he said.
Anyway, the others ought to know what we're doing and they won't unless you go and tell them.
Of course they are,"answered Blackberry.
 "Keep still if you can, poor old chap," said Acorn, who obviously wanted to be overheard.
But she has gone; and they fly pell-mell up the hedgerow, frisking, chattering and perching where they will.
The day I call you Chief Rabbit, Hazel, that'll be the day, that will!
 "If I don't," he thought, "they'll very likely tear me to bits: and much good may it do them." 
 "Do you really think we will?" asked Dandelion.
"Yes, he must.
I don't usually come and talk like this, do I?
It is Walnut, isn't it?"
 "Your brother," said the Threarah, with the faintest suggestion of "Don't correct me any more, will you?" in his voice.
Of course I did.
And they will be — don't make any mistake about that."
You've never learnt to obey orders, have you?
I hope we both shall."
You can't.
"Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would.
"Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would.
It's May, isn't it?
That's rather a tall order, isn't it?
But now, my dear fellows, let's just think about this a moment, shall we?
I hope I am.
"Oh, you've noticed that too, have you?
Suddenly it came to Hazel that if Bigwig was dead — and what else could hold him silent in the mud?— then he himself must get the others away before the dreadful loss could drain their courage and break their spirit — as it would if they stayed by the body.
But I have heard that that scoundrel El-ahrairah means to come and steal them if he can.
No, why should you?
This, you understand, is to put the matter for you in simple terms, insofar as I can.
And he did all he could to make the food bad, except what he ate himself.
"You can't force them to like it if they don't.
"I say, there aren't many here, are  there?
 "He's very good, isn't he?" said Silver.
You're fond of stories, aren't you?
 "Bigwig just spoke," he said to him,"but I don't think he can now.
"But, Hazel, you didn't really think the Chief Rabbit would act on your advice, did you?
 "So was I," answered Hazel.
Bigwig, just wait a moment, will you?"
 "I wasn't," said Fiver.
 "I wish it weren't." 
So long as he speaks the truth it can t be folly — that's what you're going to say, isn't it?
 "Oh, that's you, Fiver, is it?" said Bigwig, noticing him for the first time.
And you want to know whether I did?
"You didn't know about the road, did you?
What we need is to find a safe place soon, and I'd rather succeed in doing what we can than fail to do what we can't."
 "Well, so have I," answered Hazel,"and I hope there won't be much more.
What we need is to find a safe place soon, and I'd rather succeed in doing what we can than fail to do what we can't."
You know we all do, when we can.
If he replied that he  was, his new friends might address him so for the future, and he could imagine what Bigwig and Silver would have to say about that.
You know we all do, when we can.
"You're welcome, and so are your friends.
It's a wonder the tree's alive, but it is."
You really have to believe in El-ahrairah and Prince Rainbow, don't you?
You know that, don't you?"
 "Well, whether he has or not," said Hazel,"we can't go on looking for him.
 "Yes, I have," said Hawkbit.
I know I am.
If you are, I'll come with you."
 "Yes, we did," said Hazel.
 "You know Silver, don't you?" asked Bigwig, breaking in on his thoughts.
 "You notice a lot, don't you, Hlao-roo?" said Hazel.
Holly struggled free of Bigwig and crouched on his haunches, scuffling his front paws and growling, as rabbits will when angry.
"You could hardly expect my people, weak and hungry as they are, to carry them all the way from King Darzin's garden.
Like all wild animals, rabbits can swim if they have to: and some even swim when it suits them.
 "That'll give some of them a surprise, won't it?" 
 "Ah," said Bigwig,"but then you were never sent out stealing lettuces for the Threarah, were you?
If you had been, you'd have learned about roads.
 "But I think they must be, for all that." 
 "Go on, Hawkbit," said Speedwell, "or shall I?" 
Apart from sniffing, as Hazel and Cowslip had done when they met, formal gestures — except between mating rabbits — were unknown to Hazel and his companions.
You're to blame, Hazel, because you know I'm not and still you won't listen."
 "So could I," said Dandelion.
I just wanted to know whether you did.
Now that Hazel thought about it, he had not.
 "You don't suppose I'll leave you to look after yourself, do you?" said Hazel.
 "You've got some weight coming and that's more than I shall ever have." 
If you don't, we can easily teach you."
 "You heard me, didn't you?" 
 "You don't want to stay out in the rain, do you?" 
If you can't find one, no one can."
Bigwig and Buckthorn smelt of blood and everyone else knew they did.
Hazel and the others followed as best they could, with Pipkin limping and staggering behind, his fear driving him on in spite of the pain in his paw.
 "No, I cannot," said El-ahrairah,"I am busy.
"It may be dangerous and it may not, but I'm taking no chances with it.
I'm worn out, and Pipkin's a good deal worse than I am."
 "If we stay here any longer I shan't be able to," answered Hazel.
They had been moving in a group, or trying to: actually, they had straggled widely at times.
It was as tall as she was.
She'll cut my head off, I know she will!
‘Of course, you don't like cats, do you?’
The Rabbit jumped wildly, dropped the gloves and the fan, and hurried away as fast as he could.
And she was.
‘No, I didn't!’ said the Knave loudly.
‘Well, yes, I do, but I don't steal them,’ explained Alice quickly.
‘I would like to very much,’ said Alice, ‘but nobody has invited me yet.’
(And he didn't — because he was made of paper.)
For some minutes it smoked its pipe and did not speak, but at last it took the pipe out of its mouth, and said, ‘So you've changed, have you?
‘But you eat eggs, don't you?’
‘No, it isn't!’ said the Hatter.
‘I won't!’ said Alice.
‘Yes, please do,’ said Alice.
You can't…’
‘I don't,’ said Alice.
‘I do,’ Alice said quickly.
‘I prefer not to,’ said the Cat.
You can't swim, can you?’ he said to the Knave.
‘You're thinking about my head, aren't you?’
It was the same in all the other areas of my life; removed from the need to protect myself against the horrors of enhanced eidesis, I began to live as others did, blithely and unconsciously.
You've killed them, haven't you?
But even if you were you needn't expend any sympathy on my behalf — my tonsured condition is a matter of design rather than accident.
We're like coke heads or chronic masturbators, aren't we?
I knew I shouldn't but I couldn't help it.
‘Yeah, I live near Saltdean, always have.’
Now, of course, I wish I had.
‘But, Mr Broadhurst, sir, all these things that I do and think, they're just habits, aren't they?
I mean everyone does these things, don't they?’
No, I'd love to.
You don't ask for much, do you, mate?’
After twenty minutes or so with the list broker you start to see the world as he does.
‘I — I wasn't.’
You'll not be like him, will you?’
Try as I might to be in the present, to subsume myself to history, to see myself as just another corpuscle coursing along the urban arteries, I couldn't.
Try as I might to be in the present, to subsume myself to history, to see myself as just another corpuscle coursing along the urban arteries, I couldn't.
‘Well, do you?’
It was whilst working my way through this, often writing in the column headings for several pages in advance to give myself the illusion that I had completed more than I actually had, that two important suspicions that had lain dormant for some time rose up and took on the aspect of horribly credible hypotheses.
‘I suppose I do need to —’
‘Well, it's essential, isn't it?
But although he was terse, he didn't rage at me the way I expected him to.
‘You're rather good at walking into me, aren't you?’
‘Ah yes, Ian, but he has to me, he has to me.’
‘Ah yes, Ian, but he has to me, he has to me.’
‘It's just…it's just…that I don't have many friends and I do feel sort of isolated, I s'pose —’ I pulled up short, I was trespassing on forbidden ground, getting close to revealing more than I should.
‘You'll take care of yourself, now won't you, my darling?’
You'll be sucked up and seduced by the beau monde, I know you will.’
‘Of course I will, Mother, I'm only going up the road, I'll come back at weekends.’
Don't be.
‘Of course I am.
But be that as it may, he no longer moved with the calculated languor that I remembered.
Of course, I know that you can.
‘Of course I am.
Be that as it may, I perceive in your decision to purchase these shorts — you did purchase these shorts, didn't you?’
‘This woman here is not a moral agent in the same sense that I am, or that you will become.
The rebuttal had done her no good whatsoever, her face was going blotchy, but she mustered all the sang-froid she could and continued, ‘Since you refuse to be civil I shall not moderate my criticism.
He knew I could, he was toying with me.
I couldn't.
‘But if you think you can — do.’
‘But if you think you can — do.’
All in good time you will have a bed partner and let me tell you, you will care for her far more than you ever could for this one.
‘I'm not surprised,’ said my therapist, ‘for nor can I.’
‘I-I, I can't seem to.
‘I want you to recall the label of said underpants, summon it up as fully as you possibly can.
would, for you cannot but do otherwise.
Although I knew I probably shouldn't, I couldn't help looking as he rummaged through the marvellous things in the cupboard.
I don't…
Of course I am, there is no need for you to elaborate.
‘You are also wondering something else — aren't you?
‘Be that as it may, perhaps he would like to know that you have completely disrupted our meal.
Be that as it may, I perceive in your decision to purchase these shorts — you did purchase these shorts, didn't you?’
‘You're thinking about my glands, aren't you, boy?’
He had become something other, or worse still, perhaps he had always been.
Of course you don't, I will perforce have to demonstrate.’
Be that as it may, I shall be philosophic if you prove unworthy of this not inconsiderable investment — I can always write it off as a little deficit financing — but if you wish to continue with our relationship you must be prepared to place some real trust in me.
‘I'd — I'd love to,’ I said.
‘I'd — I'd love to,’ I said.
‘Oh yes, it is,’ he said with heavy emphasis.
‘I'm, I'm not quite sure, is it?’
‘Well, there are and what I would like to propose to you is this, that you allow me to do these tests on you.
‘You're Ian, aren't you?’
Wouldn't ye agree, lad, wouldn't ye?’
‘I am,’ I replied quaveringly.
‘Of course you do; Tim Hargreaves told me that you are an exceptional student.
You'd like to fiddle with the buttons of reality as he does, feel it up without remorse, without the sense that you have betrayed some shadowy commitment.
Why should they?
Sometimes it seems that way, doesn't it?
Now did you?
It couldn't be true, could it?
The Fat Controller hadn't really killed the woman, had he?
Nonetheless, you do still have some vanity, don't you?
‘Come off it, you do consistently well in all your modules — I've had a word with your course tutor — and as you've been continually assessed, you couldn't flunk now even if you wanted to.
‘Did you enjoy the piece?’ he asked, and before I could answer he went on, ‘I myself did not.
I came to be capable-as he had said I would — of the most beautifully consistent combinations of apprehensions with little twistles of kinaesthetic intimation.
If I strained I could see the world as others did, stereoscopically, but if I relaxed binocular vision would ensue, and while one ‘eye’ would remain focused, the other would slide away into the clouded periphery where The Fat Controller and his machinations held sway.
You're with me now, aren't you?
You know we did.
‘I — I can't, really, not tonight.
Didn't we have fun, well, didn't we?
I doubt it, because it is inconceivable, just as you cannot imagine what it would be like to be blind from birth and then gifted with sight (but of course I can).
Oh no I won't!’
All these people —’ he gestured wildly with a carpet roll of arm —‘they imagine that they perceive what is really there but they don't.
‘You do.
‘You're a local, aren't you, Ian?’
I am he as he is me, as we are all…
She wasn't.
It was fair play, wasn't it, my lad, absolutely fair play.
You'd like to get a little tiddly, wouldn't you?
ROS:(Rising fear) Have I?
ROS: Do I?
ROS: Perhaps he did.
ROS: I must have!
Hasn't it?
GUIL: Then he's not talking to himself, is he?
GUIL: So was hers.
GUIL: We got his symptoms, didn't we?
HAMLET:…for you yourself, sir, should be as old as I am if like a crab you could go backward.
GUIL: And when it isn't he can't.
ROS: Which he never could.
ROS: What is?
GUIL: Even if he could.
You can feel, can't you?
You don't have to worry about which way to go, or whether to go at all— the question doesn't arise, because you're on a boat, aren't you?
ROS: Oh, did I?
GUIL: Yes you did.
That can't be south, can it?
GUIL: If it is, and the sun is over there(His right as he faces the audience) for instance , that (Front) would be northerly.
GUIL: And when it isn't he can't.
GUIL: You can still think, can't you?
GUIL:(Angrily) Death's death, isn't it?
GUIL: Then he's not talking to himself, is he?
GUIL: Well, we're here, aren't we?
ROS: Are we?
A spectacular vindication of the principle that each individual coin spun individually (He spins one) is as likely to come down heads as tails and therefore should cause no surprise each individual time it does.
(It does.
GUIL: So am I.
GUIL: I'm afraid it is.
If we postulate, and we just have, that within un-, sub- or supernatural forces the probability is that the law of probability will not operate as a factor, then we must accept that the probability of the first part will not operate as a factor, in which case the law of probability will operate as a factor within un-, sub- or supernatural forces.
GUIL: Operating on two levels, are we?!
That's a figure of speech…isn't it?
And always have had.
You could for a need study a speech of some dozen or sixteen lines which I would set down and insert in't, could you not?
And then, gradually, no one was.
That would be stupid, wouldn't it?
I know you, don't I?
PLAYER: You're wrong — they do!
ROS: Well, it's progress, isn't it?
For a moment I thought — no, I don't know you, do I?
PLAYER:(Gaily freeing himself) I did!— I did!— You're quicker than your friend…
ROS:(Cutting his fingernails) Another curious scientific phenomenon is the fact that the fingernails grow after death, as does the beard.
ROS: Do they?
That's a thought, isn't it?
Getting warm, am I?
We are.
Oh well, we are.
There's more money in that, is there?
But it's this, is it?
PLAYER:(Gaily freeing himself) I did!— I did!— You're quicker than your friend…
Assure you, my good liege, I hold my duty as I hold my soul, Both to my God and to my gracious King; And I do think, or else this brain of mine Hunts not the trail of policy so sure  As it hath used to do, that I have found The very cause of Hamlet's lunacy…
PLAYER: Well, no, I can't say it is, really.
You're familiar with the tragedies of antiquity, are you?
POLONIUS: Have I, my lord?
Can you?
Because you'd be helpless, wouldn't you?
I mean, you'd never know you were in a box, would you?
I mean one thinks of it like being alive in a box, one keeps forgetting to take into account the fact that one is dead…which should make a difference…shouldn't it?
ROS: Nor do I, really…
ROS: We shall, my lord.
ROS: They had it in for us, didn't they?
The PLAYER stands with huge, terrible eyes, clutches at the wound as the blade withdraws: he makes small weeping sounds and falls to his knees, and then right down: While he is dying, GUIL, nervous, high, almost hysterical, wheels on the TRAGEDIANS) If we have a destiny, then so had he — and if this is ours, then that was his — and if there are no explanation for us, then let there be none for him  (The TRAGEDIANS watch the PLAYER die: they watch with some interest.
PLAYER: Or we are as far as he is.
PLAYER: Or we are as far as he is.
ROS: That's it, then, is it?
ROS: Well, he's changed, hasn't he?
Did we?
GUIL: We'll soon be home and high — dry and home — I'll
There was no question about it — people knew who I was and if they didn't they asked and I told them.
GUIL: You did, the trouble is, each of them is…plausible, without being instinctive.
GUIL: I looked just as ridiculous as you did.
PLAYER: For all anyone knows, nothing is.
PLAYER: Who does, nowadays?
GUIL: If he didn't talk sense, which he does.
ROS: The old man is?
GUIL: No, are you?
ROS: Is it?
I was beginning to think it was.
Death isn't.
Death is…not.
I won — didn't I?
Getting a bit of a bore, isn't it?
GUIL: Would you?
I mean I would, but you wouldn't…
It does not mean he isn't.
I mean I would, but you wouldn't…
GUIL: Well, it would.
GUIL:(Quietly) You've forgotten — haven't you?
GUIL: I could see I had.
GUIL: Exactly, it's a matter of asking the right questions and giving away as little as we can.
(They do.)
It is pretty powerful, is it not?
Would you?
The only unfailing rule is, if they seem so, they can't be.
So the Bishop of Liege dies fifteen years before he should: does this invalidate Quentin Durward ?
Should I have?
No, you don't: for the simple reason that I suppressed it a few pages ago.
Try as they might, those advertisers are always beaten down by the form; they are forced — even at the one time they need to be candidly personal — into an unwished impersonality.
Do I?
The horses' housings and collar-decorations were blue; so were the carts, the name-boards of the villages, the agricultural implements, wheelbarrows and water-butts.
God is dead, they told us, and therefore so is the God-like novelist.
If they did, they would probably taste of diesel and detergent.
He believed in — or rather, he did not fail to notice — the perpetual evolution of humanity, and therefore the evolution of its social forms: ‘Democracy isn't mankind's last word, any more than slavery was, or feudalism was, or monarchy was.’
And yet he said, when I expressed my feelings to him in public(I am not ashamed of love — why should I be?
‘Jean doesn't give a damn about that sort of thing,’ he growled, ‘and nor do I.’
I can imagine village priests delivering sermons on the Devil's invention and being mocked for it; but if they did, they were right.)
She slept less that night than Gustave and Louise did.
Well, maybe I am.
Then you should.
I do not boast of my conquests; I do not need to.
I suspect they do, and women, with the logic of flattery, remember to exclaim at the transporting moment, ‘Oh, I die!
I could see the banality of that; though of course he couldn't.
But I do not wish to.
And besides, you do not look, you  do not choose, do you?
He believed not merely that others should write as he did, but that others should live as he did.
It is a little embarrassing, is it not?
No, he didn't.
Slip your fingers down my forearm, if you want to; yes, there, now feel the pulse.
Such honesty brought him more trouble than hypocrisy would have done — with Louise Colet, for instance.
But she was a pest, wasn't she?
He believed not merely that others should write as he did, but that others should live as he did.
Even so, it did strike me as peculiar that someone who lived by French literature should be so calamitously inadequate at making the basic words of the language sound as they did when her subjects, her heroes (her paymasters, too, you could say) first pronounced them.
What he wanted, of course, was for me to write as much like he did as I possibly could.
Flaubert does not build up his characters, as did Balzac, by objective, external description; in fact, so careless is he of their outward appearance that on one occasion he gives Emma brown eyes (14); on another deep black eyes (15); and on another blue eyes (16).
(I was a little jealous — who would not be, when reading the private journal of a man you love and finding in it no mention of yourself, but instead only lush apostrophes to verminous whores?)
Not for the normal reasons: that they're failed creators (they usually aren't; they may be failed critics, but that's another matter); or that they're by nature carping, jealous and vain (they usually aren't; if anything, they might better be accused of over-generosity, of upgrading the second-rate so that their own fine discriminations thereby appear the rarer).
They believe that everyone should write as they do: not as well as they do, of course, but in the same fashion.
Not for the normal reasons: that they're failed creators (they usually aren't; they may be failed critics, but that's another matter); or that they're by nature carping, jealous and vain (they usually aren't; if anything, they might better be accused of over-generosity, of upgrading the second-rate so that their own fine discriminations thereby appear the rarer).
They believe that everyone should write as they do: not as well as they do, of course, but in the same fashion.
But perhaps it wasn't.
The correct word, the true phrase, the perfect sentence are always ‘out there’ somewhere; the writer's task is to locate them by whatever means he can.
Why should I ?
‘Flaubert does not build up his characters, as did Balzac, by objective, external description; in fact, so careless is he of their outward appearance that…’ it would be interesting to compare the time spent by Flaubert making sure that his heroine had the rare and difficult eyes of a tragic adulteress with the time spent by Dr Starkie in carelessly selling him short.
At thirty he muses — as he did throughout his life — on his own previous incarnations, on his apocryphal or metempsychotic lives in the more interesting times of Louis XIV, Nero and Pericles.
’ The list, which is by Roland Barthes, continues, as lists do.
Books are not life, however much we might prefer it if they were.
You expect something from me too, don't you?
You won't forget about the cheese, will you?
That's the real distinction between people: not between those who have secrets and those who don't, but between those who want to know everything and those who don't.
Why should they be?
Oh no, I'm sure he didn't: sound fellow, good chap.
He says he did, but that was boastful invention: Bouilhet asked for salacities from Cairo, and Flaubert provided them.
Well, you know I've got brown eyes; make of that what you will.
’ But he didn't, of course; because she got it wrong.
There ought to be.
He could; he doesn't.
That's the real distinction between people: not between those who have secrets and those who don't, but between those who want to know everything and those who don't.
It is flattering, is it not?
He feels as much sympathy for these victims as he does for slaves who died centuries earlier turning some tyrant's grindstone.
Well, to some extent we do: who would deny that?
What educated French writer doesn't?
One is that the writer chooses — as far as he can — the extent of what you call his involvement in life: despite his reputation, Flaubert occupied a half-and-half position.
It makes a fine scene, does it not?
The best life for a writer is the life which helps him write the best books he can.
He could; he doesn't.
He believed in — or rather, he did not fail to notice — the perpetual evolution of humanity, and therefore the evolution of its social forms: ‘Democracy isn't mankind's last word, any more than slavery was, or feudalism was, or monarchy was.’
He believed in — or rather, he did not fail to notice — the perpetual evolution of humanity, and therefore the evolution of its social forms: ‘Democracy isn't mankind's last word, any more than slavery was, or feudalism was, or monarchy was.’
 "No," Quiss said, shaking the attendant roughly so that the crownless brim round its cowl fell off, "I," he shook it again, sending the thing's hood flying off its head and revealing the smooth  continuation of the mask over the creature's skull, so that its little arms waggled trying to put the hood back on again as Quiss finished, "didn't." 
She was late, as she always was, and they only had about an hour and a half to talk before she had to go, and he was nervous and she looked tired though still beautiful in bright red cords, Arran jumper and tattily magnificent fur coat.
Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.
"Have they?
Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.
It never was when she invited him to meet her at the flat; she was keeping him and Stock out of each other 's way.
Does it?"
 "I don't —" he began, cleared his throat,"I don't usually dance all that much.
The room seemed darker now, and smaller than it had.
 "No, I'm not," Sara said loudly, raising her face.
 "Your friend isn't going to throw up, is she?" 
 "I hope you weren't depending on him for a lift, were you?" he asked Graham.
I'm not getting the practice I should, though.
She stopped talking then, as though she thought she had already said more than she should have.
 "The engineers are working as fast as they can." 
Her voice sounded scratchy; he wanted to laugh at her but didn't, She was getting annoyed, embarrassed at being stuck out of the window, making conversation while she secretly strained, trying to heave the trapping window back up.
Quiss experienced the tiniest moment of fear, then savage anger, and was about to go down fighting —take as many of the little bastards with him as he could —when he realised that they were bowing and wringing their hands and making apologetic noises, not howling angry ones.
I didn't mean to.
Really I am.
Unless you want to be.
 "You do?" the scullion said brightly, sitting up.
 "I don't!" came the yelped reply.
looked down at her feet as she walked, finally admitted, a little ashamedly, that it was all true; "I was wild," she agreed in her slow, low voice, nodding, Graham felt a sort of ache then, as he had when Slater first told him; he wanted to have known her then, to have been a part of her life during that time.
 "No, I didn't." 
 "Yes, you did!" 
He considered buying a cake to eat, but while he was thinking about it he kept on walking, and thought it would look stupid to turn back so far up the street, so he didn't, though at the thought his stomach suddenly rumbled.
 "You've got the hots for our Sara, haven't you?" 
But it wasn't like that; It wasn't that  crude, or even if it was it shouldn't be talked of in such a way; not now, not yet,
It opened again and Mrs Hunter re-appeared"You haven't seen my husband, have you?
"Yes you are.
 "No, I wasn't," Graham protested.
They always do."
I know what the score is, like they say, I may be thirty-sev—thirty-eight, but I'm "switched on" all right —thirty-eight ge, and I know everything isn't "hunky-dory" the way people think it is.
"I'm…
I'm not"
 "Do" 
You may think it's easy for you, and it might be, but I'm not so easily fooled, oh no."
If it was all that important then they almost certainly hadn't.
If you are eligible, which I imagine you will be, you may claim Supplementary Benefit during the interim."
It said,"I'm probably saying more than I should, but as I'm giving you the information without you asking for It, I don't think it's covered by the rules.
Or was it?
I tell the truth, honest I do!"one was shouting, and it and a few others tugged at the lower edges of the few furs he still had on and pulling on his under-breeches where they appeared out of the top of his boots.
That was what he'd dropped, wasn't it?
Now, we don't think he's going to press charges, but you must realise that if he did you would in fact be facing a charge of assault, and coming as this does on top of your other verbal and written warnings —all within, I'm  afraid to say, Steve, "Mr Smith sat back in his seat with a sigh and flicked through a few more of the papers on his desk, shaking his head at them," a very short interval of time considering the length of your employment with us, and all regarding previous lapses in…"
Nothing would, nothing could go wrong today; he ought to find a betting shop and put some money on a horse, he felt so lucky, so good, so in tune.
Of course, he had known they would use the Microwave Gun on him; they always did when he was up in front of somebody, whenever he was at a disadvantage anyway and needed all the help he could get, whenever he was going for an interview for a job, or being asked things by the Social security people or even clerks in the Post Office.
None of them did, even the one or two who didn't continually make fun of him and tease him and play jokes on him.
Now, we don't think he's going to press charges, but you must realise that if he did you would in fact be facing a charge of assault, and coming as this does on top of your other verbal and written warnings —all within, I'm  afraid to say, Steve, "Mr Smith sat back in his seat with a sigh and flicked through a few more of the papers on his desk, shaking his head at them," a very short interval of time considering the length of your employment with us, and all regarding previous lapses in…"
I told them if we didn't get more light and heat up here soon I'd tear a few more of them apart, but after that they only started acting all stupid, and anyway they'll soon forget; they always do."
It hadn't been much of a job after all; he had thought at first from the sound of it that it might mean travel, but it didn't.
He hadn't wanted to sign anything, but they had said they wouldn't give him any money unless he did, so he'd pretended to read the papers carefully and then signed them.
Don't tell me I couldn't; I'm stronger than you know!"
I've said it before you did!
 "As you say, right, yes, will do, will do," the small figure said, backing off, half-nodding, half-bowing as it made its way backwards  to the winding-stair.
Ajayi raised her eyebrows, waiting for the man to look at her, but he did not; he simply sat, torso perched forward, one elbow on his knee, hairy chin in one hand.
If so it was a redundant measure even in this strange and singular place, even given their odd, frozen state (as the castle was frozen, so were they; as the castle was slowly crumbling but they stayed in their stasis, so their hopes, their chances decayed).
 "You know why we've sent for you, do you?" 
There was only one day, wasn't there, or did they have days here but they were just very long?
Mr Grout, but the rules are that if you do then you have to"
Not just now, perhaps, but I am, I certainly am.
Mr Grout, but the rules are that if you do then you have to"
Not just now, perhaps, but I am, I certainly am.
"I certainly did.
Ordinary heat didn't itch the way microwave heat did.
 "I didn't say it was your fault, did I?" 
 "As you say, right, yes, will do, will do," the small figure said, backing off, half-nodding, half-bowing as it made its way backwards  to the winding-stair.
 "You wouldn't get the wrong idea if I asked you to put that light out, would you?" she asked.
"Well, I do.
 "I won't." 
 "It's going to be a long time before we get another chance, though, isn't it though?" 
"No, you can't, can you?
Because I'm not here because I want to be, that's why.
"No, you can't, can you?
I'm my own man and that's very important in these times, even if you haven't had the problems I've had, and you haven't, because that's perfectly obvious, you're sitting there and asking me the questions.
 "I didn't find out her name," Grout waved one hand dismissively,"Well you didn't get very far with her either, did you?
"I'm not.
 "No I'm not." 
You're trying to get rid of me, aren't you?"
 "Of course I have," he said.
I could make it a fairy-tale instead, if I wanted to, Anyway, It's the capital of the empire; a courtier starts a liaison with one of the princesses; the demands she and the impersonate on his time get to be too much, so he secretly has an android made to impersonate him at the endless court rituals and boring receptions; nobody notices.
He tried to imagine drawing such a scene, but couldn't.
Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.
Graham started to smile, though he thought the joke itself might be in rather poor taste, but then he was aware of Sara turning quickly, putting her glass on the mantelpiece and looking straight at him, coming closer, her face set in strange hard lines, eyes bright, taking him by the elbow and turning her head as if to emphasise that she was talking to Graham, ignoring Slater, saying, "You do dance, don't you?" 
He watched to see if they would look over at him and Slater, but they didn't.
 "Look, stop looking at those females and pay attention; you are  following all this, aren't you?" 
Time would have to drag on a lot longer than it had.
She thought Quiss had too but he didn't want to admit it to himself.
‘It is.’
But don't stop smiling, or so will I.’
‘Well, of course they're not-’
‘You do have them, don't you?
He just does.’
You're Rincewind, aren't you?
It was the disconcerting sort of grip that suggested that the gripper could grip a whole lot harder, if he wanted to.
That's what he didn't, the water here.
A flash of precognition told him that the box would be able to swim faster than he could.
‘Hey, just hold that smile, will you?’
Even Rincewind did not.
The biggest of the three now fleeing the dragonlands might do.
It has been remarked before that those who are sensitive to radiations in the far octarine — the eighth colour, the pigment of the Imagination — can see things that others cannot.
‘So you bleed gold, do you?’ hissed Withel.
‘I can,’ said Rincewind defiantly.
You do have some, don't you?
‘Did I?
I certainly intended to,’ said the dead man.
‘That's pretty uneven odds, isn't it?’
‘But how does it?
‘You'd be Twoflower, wouldn't you?
At least, I think it is.
‘You mean you can't.’
‘Of course he won't!’ boomed an expansive voice behind him.
‘He's a hero, isn't he?’
‘You'd better take me to this Wyrmberg of yours, hadn't you?’
‘Didn't you?’ he said.
Broadman is a — friend of ours, isn't he?’
‘Why, it's Rincewind the wizard, isn't it?’ he said in tones of delight, meanwhile filing the wizard's description of him in his memory for leisurely vengeance.
‘Just go away, will you?’ said the rider.
‘You're Bravd the Hublander, aren't you?’
An alternative, favoured by those of a religious persuasion, was that A'Tuin was crawling from the Birthplace to the Time of Mating, as were all the stars in the sky which were, obviously, also carried by giant turtles.
He hoped he couldn't.
The words of the Spell picked just that moment to surface from the depths of his mind, as they always did in time of crisis.
‘I expect you know what this is, don't you?’
‘You are.’
The coins quietened the men's agitation in the way that gold can, and Rincewind was amazed to find, half a minute later, that he was holding a little glass portrait of Twoflower wielding a huge notched sword and smiling as though all his dreams had come true.
I say, this food is a bit greasy, isn't it?’
If you wanted pink you shouldn't of took all those pictures of young ladies, should you?
‘We have, have we?’ said Ymor.
Twoflower wondered why he had thought of the phrase ‘a sliver of a scream’…and began to wish he hadn't.
‘He usually does.
I'LL GET YOU YET, CULLY, said Death, in the voice like the slamming of leaden coffin lids, SEE IF I DON'T.
Not that I hope it does.
He's too much of a coward not to.
‘We have, have we?’ said Ymor.
‘Had.’
Do you not know that what you belittle by the name tree is but the mere four-dimensional analogue of a whole multidimensional universe which — no, I can see you do not.
I would, he added mentally — if I hadn't seen what the Luggage does to prying fingers.
‘It is, it is,’ snapped Greicha's disembodied voice.
I will!
‘It is, it is,’ snapped Greicha's disembodied voice.
They wouldn't.
You can't.
‘I can't?’ he said.
‘I'm not rescued, am I?’ he said.
And if it turned out that he wouldn't, then dragons were always hungry and needed to be fed regularly.
So did the fourth.
A pure water supply abounds and no other countrie has a corne market better furnished than Dublin is .
In 1893 while recovering from a bout of influenza he wrote You will see from this heading that I am not dead yet, nor likely to be.
Coming as it did from such a family — not only from Lazarus' and Lyon's own strenuous devotions to their faith, in which names are of the greatest significance, but also from that of Solomon Klinitsky-Klein, his maternal grandfather and his very similar tradition.

‘All hell rules over the man who is angry,’ says the Talmud, and by September 1939, when Leonard was beginning to come to terms with the thresholds of life's reality, hell was ruling the world, or at least appeared to be.

Leonard was fortunate to come to it when he did, for he was able to enter into the fruits and the confidence born of it, as well as classical English literature.

We do.

The choices are both a reflection of his inner confusion, and a statement of his determination to let his curiosity run wherever it would -and that long before ‘mixed’ courses were popular.

And his third year First Class results (known at McGill as ‘Great Distinction’) in English demonstrate where his heart truly lay, as did his obtaining the coveted Chester Macnaughton Prize for ‘Creative Writing’ in 1955; as well as the Peterson Memorial Prize in literature.

Layton described the four things which stand out in Leonard, which give him the confidence to work as he does, and promote his work: The strong tradition of learning; the business entrepreneurship of his family; the broad philanthropy/charity which hall-marked it; and, lastly, the self-awareness that comes from being a Cohen — not understood as class-distinction, but from the high symbolism of ‘the priest and his role.’

Moreover, he is angry that the rest of us — including the so-called caring brotherhood of World Federalists and Communists — do not.

But could he have been?

The first lines gripped him; as did the next verse; and then the whole poem.

A.M. Klein, a Jewish Montreal poet of considerable skill understood the matter, as Woodcock could not:

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

Ginsberg's Howl actually came out while Leonard was there, doing for the fifties and sixties generation what Eliot's The Waste Land did for the twenties and thirties, and not least Ginsberg's ‘A Supermarket In California’, in which he questioned Lorca's lonely habits; as did Lawrence Ferlinghetti's Picture Of The Gone World .

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

A more powerful figure it would not be possible to evoke from one of Leonard's background, for it captures a significance which the kite could not: that man is only one of many free creatures, subject with them all to a higher power and influence.

In essence his message was very simple, as the products of such geniuses tend to be.

But she would never forget the very different lifestyle of her early years — she was 20 when they emigrated; the veneration of her father and her father's father, the gross insecurity under which they lived; the ever-present threat of injury and loss, and the belittling malice; experiences which moulded and coloured her whole existence, as did her knowledge of Polish, Russian and Yiddish.

Nathan Cohen was one of them, and he had just cause to fear the upturn of the events, as did his younger brother, Horace.

His humour constantly breaks through in asides and anecdotes, as does a delightful and mastering smile that transforms his face like Aegean sunlight on a frowning sea.

‘I could get anyone under the spell,’ he says, adding that he had hypnotised their maid (as Breavman had in The Favourite Game ) and feared that he had driven her insane by it!

By the time the first sharp feelings of his loss had begun to wear off -it would be very many years before all of it did so, and arguable that it ever did — other voices were beckoning.

RELATIONSHIP TO CAMP STAFF: He is well liked by the entire staff and they enjoy his company just as he does theirs.

It went well, as did the second and the third lessons.

The daughter, apparently, had no feelings; she did not come into the picture, as elder sisters frequently do not.

It sounds like a soap opera but so does any tragedy (!) that happens to real people.

Leonard's poem, ‘Out Of The Land Of Heaven’ majestically captures that noble spirit, as it does the depth and beauty of human love and the song to which it gives birth.

It is typical of him to assert, as Judaism does roundly, that all work is honourable; and deny that the reliance on special work and destiny (‘God's work’) elevates a man per se .

In the meantime we may note that, right or wrong, balanced or not, Leonard spoke from the heart — as did the prophets of old; the sell-out qualities of the book demonstrated the need, as well as his astuteness in compiling his selection.

Somehow his feelings became detached from the critical procedures (not that he does not handle and assess his own work critically, which he does).

However, this seems to be a red herring, since the standard Buck topology uses a pair of inductors (though not coupled) and a single transistor switch just as the Cuk topology does, but need no other energy coupling device.

Since a perfectly symmetric waveform foes not contain even harmonics and an asymmetric one does, a possible technique would be to isolate the even harmonics as the usable signal.

They need to be.

The East and West African cables for example had to cross Portuguese territory, as did the South America cable which used the island of Madeira as a way-station.

Somehow Beethoven did, though it was not, one feels, a reading he would have approved.

It seems a fair bet that Joe Public finds it as hard to feel sorry for rodents as Winston Smith did, and though these lobotomised specimens were of the cuter white kind, it was possibly to watch this sequence without feeling many qualms.

I'll see that he doesn't.

She didn't go to the inquest but Alex did, although he never told her what happened there.

She remembered Elizabeth saying in the first weeks of her engagement to Alex, ‘Do you know, you're a rather intimidating couple?’ and she had been tempted to reply, ‘Oh, we are, we are.’

He is.

He had liked her, respected her, had always been at ease in her company, but he had never thought that he really knew her, and now he never would.

‘You could if you wanted to.

‘Yes, I think that I am.

It won't be just the three of us, will it?

The question did not appear to surprise her but it did surprise him, as did the very fact that they were walking so companionably together.

She said: ‘Well, why don't you?

‘You could if you wanted to.

He said: ‘If he doesn't select and stalk his victim, and obviously he didn't in the last three cases, he'd normally have to expect a long wait.

His newborn son's face he could still recall vividly and sometimes did in his dreams, that white unsullied look of sweet knowledgeable contentment, as if , in a brief moment of life, he had seen and known all there was to know, seen it and rejected it.

Ma-in-law didn't like the idea of her being in Norfolk with the Whistler on the prowl, not with me working the hours I do.’

‘It looks as if the Whistler's getting closer, doesn't it, in more ways than one.’

Rickards didn't want it to become public knowledge and it won't.

Alex Mair was beginning to say that he, of course, would drive her but Meg extricated herself clumsily from her chair and said, a little too eagerly: ‘I'd be grateful if you would.

‘Completely fortuitous, I should say, wouldn't you?

Even if they had, I wouldn't have remembered the name.

And this issue he had been hard put to it to find a couple of intelligent letters for the correspondence page; sometimes it seemed that every crackbrain in north-east Norfolk read the PANUP newsletter but that no one else did.

Or I will if you're too scared.‘

‘Could be either, couldn't it?

You could read about Him if you wanted to.

You didn't like it any more than I did.

He doesn't, but you do.

And by the end you know everything, or think you do.

Rickards said: ‘You'd think so, wouldn't you.’

He doesn't, but you do.

She was strangled all right, or I suppose she was.

‘Oh, I didn't mention that, did I?

In theory he supposed he could organize PANUP from anywhere in the UK, but he knew that it was irrevocably bound to Larksoken headland, to the caravan, to that concrete mass five miles to the north which had power, apparently, to dominate his will as it did his imagination.

Soon after she arrived at the caravan he had said: ‘I'm vegetarian but I don't expect you to be, or Timmy.’

They never do.’

You'd feel that you had to.

And yes, I did make gingerbread men with currants for their eyes, didn't you?’

The door at Martyr's Cottage stood open as it often did in sunny weather, and she called out to Alice before, in response to her answering voice, moving down the corridor to the kitchen.

Already he had half decided that it had to be.

It wasn't important to her, or if it was, she had decided to drop it, at least for now.

I mean, it's no secret, is it?’

‘Then someone else did, one of the regulars in the Local Hero, maybe.

‘You did.’

‘Well, with you gone I could go to the DHSS, couldn't I?

Bloody hell it won't.

‘I don't.

If men want to they usually do.’

If men want to they usually do.’

Of course she would.

‘Well, you would, wouldn't you?

‘Well, you would, wouldn't you?

That means he doesn't really want to.

‘No, I don't.

The press got hold of it somehow, as they usually do, but there's nothing official yet.

Mair said calmly: The answer is that it hasn't; the publicity was premature.

‘No, he doesn't.

‘Yes, I think I would, but I'm not a moral philosopher.’

I know I should have been.

I suppose I have.

‘Of course you would.

‘Oh, I did, I did!

And I thought you felt as I did, that it was impossible for you to have a child.’

‘Oh, I did, I did!

Is it?’

‘This is what it's all about, isn't it?

If he hasn't, then nothing does.’

If he hasn't, then nothing does.’

How could I?

It was the first time they had met although he had known of her existence as he had of all the handful of people who lived, as the Lydsett villagers said, ‘t'other side of the gate’.

But why the hell should he?

If, with the new job, he moved back to London she wouldn't follow him, and nor, she knew, would he expect her to.

She remembered Elizabeth saying in the first weeks of her engagement to Alex, ‘Do you know, you're a rather intimidating couple?’ and she had been tempted to reply, ‘Oh, we are, we are.’

Firmly replacing the lid he marvelled, as he always did, at the difference one girl and an eighteen-month-old baby could make to the volume of household waste.

It was a disagreeable story and coming as it did after the impact of the portrait it provoked in Dalgliesh a mixture of depression and foreboding which he tried to shake off as irrational.

‘You didn't know I could do it, did you?’

Sometimes she saw the three of them as expatriates, stranded in some remote colony, obstinately adhering to old customs, a lost way of life, as they did to old forms of worship.

If your father agrees, would you like to come and help with the table like you did last month?’

He said: ‘Presumably he knows that and he'll get out when he can, but it won't be easy.

The party  divisions between leading reformers such as Lloyd George, Mosley and Macmillan also hindered co-operation, as did personal hostility within political parties (on all occasions between Mosley and Ernest Bevin in the Labour movement and intermittently between Lloyd George and Keynes in the Liberals).

But this time I did.

I have to hand it to myself, I really do.

That worked out really well, didn't it?

I haven't suddenly become incredibly witty and good-looking — you'd have noticed, wouldn't you?— or a high-flier with a huge family that takes Gillian into its bosom.

But perhaps someone did — does — fancy Mme Wyatt.

People never did.

Every time I looked in the mirror — and I can be a very careful driver if I want to be — I saw the languid bride with shuttered eyes and hair adrift.

I know you don't — you've told me that before.

I never thought I could work with someone like Oliver there, but I can.

I read in the paper this morning that if you smoke you're less likely to develop Alzheimer's disease than if you don't.

But he doesn't, and I'm less and less convinced I'd react like that if he did.

Why do they go on the way they do, making a huge fuss about little things and then ignoring what ought to be much more important?

You don't?

We spent a long time on the sofa that evening, and I would have stayed the night if he'd asked me but he didn't.

Or rather, I do.

Stuart's been bleating on about how I changed my name, hasn't he?

I really don't.

The show went off as well as these things do.

Anyway, you can't go through the whole of your life being called Nigel , can you?

It doesn't happen very often, of course, which makes it all the more satisfying when it does.

Perhaps if she had, things would have been different, I don't know.

Did I marry Stuart because I thought he wouldn't let me down the way my father had?

You can't say that, can you?

First he told them to lay off me, and when they sneered and said what would happen if they didn't, he merely replied, ‘A series of inexplicable misfortunes.’

And everyone has to have an answer, don't they?

We stayed friends even though he went to university and I didn't, even though he went off to Nineveh and Distant Ophir and I didn't, even though I went into the Bank and had a steady job while he flitted from one bit of temporary work to another and eventually ended up teaching English as a foreign language in a side street off the Edgware Road.

Well that's a perfectly good monicker up to the age of about nine, but pretty soon you'd have to do something about it, wouldn't you?

Stuart In a way it's a surprise that the Edwardian has survived, but I'm rather pleased it has.

We stayed friends even though he went to university and I didn't, even though he went off to Nineveh and Distant Ophir and I didn't, even though I went into the Bank and had a steady job while he flitted from one bit of temporary work to another and eventually ended up teaching English as a foreign language in a side street off the Edgware Road.

And sometimes sooner than I do.

Well, maybe ‘blossom’ is an exaggeration, but I told Gillian one or two of Oliver's jokes, and we talked about being apprehensive over coming to the group, and then it emerged that she was half-French, and I had something to say about that, and the estate agent tried to bring in Germany but we weren't having any of it, and before I knew where I was I had half-turned my shoulder to exclude the other chap and was saying, ‘Look, I know you've only more or less just arrived, but you wouldn't like a spot of supper would you?

Half the world seems to have confidence and half the world doesn't, and I don't know how you make the jump from one half to the other.

But he doesn't, and I'm less and less convinced I'd react like that if he did.

Perhaps you do.

It is, oh it is.

It is, oh it is.

You will help spread the word, won't you?

No, I didn't think you would.

I said I did.

I never intended to.

We both have.’

‘You don't…

Maybe what I did was an act of complicity, or looked as if it could have been.

‘You don't…’

Everyone does.

I've got to.’

‘Oh, but I will.

So when I next got Oliver alone, I said to him quietly, ‘Look, you can tell me, you didn't resign, did you?’

And I did.

He didn't; instead, he sorted them out in two weeks flat.

No I don't.

And when I did I found I couldn't concentrate on my work at all.

I'm very glad I did.

I just suspect she'd want me to.

‘I don't either,’ I finally said.

The old Oliver wouldn't have had any…trouble like that, and if he did he'd just have danced away from it.

A lot of that sarcasm is just bravado, and if I can put up with his teasing, can't you?

I had a friend — well, I still do, it's just that we're temporarily out of touch — called Alison.

So he got wetter than I did.

Nothing she said, just a way she has of slightly turning and doing something else and not replying as quickly as she might.

You did?

There we stood, side by side at those hip-high porcelain  scoops, each staring grimly ahead at some Mexican firing-squad in the way that Englishmen do, neither dropping his gaze for a squint at the other's tackle.

But now I instinctively thought, Oh no you didn't Ollie, you didn't resign, you got sacked.

I suppose it's something to do with me being happy, being married, knowing where I am: I can see things more clearly now than I used to.

It didn't need much concentration, and all through the morning I kept getting interrupted by the thought of Oliver standing there not being able to say anything, and then practically shouting what he did.

But I do.

I do, I do!)

I do, I do!)

He can be really clever when he wants to be.

I didn't go to university, Nigel did.

Probably not very much, no reason why you should.

I suppose it was because we know he's been highly-strung lately — his peculiar behaviour at the airport, for a start — that it took longer than it should have done for me to think over properly what had happened.

Sorry, absolutely no reason why you should.

But one is forced, upon contemplating Stuart, to conclude that if he is not currently d'un certain âge , he nevertheless might as well be.

Having Oliver with us helped, I'm sure it did.

You don't mind if I do?

While Hazel gazed, the wind slowly veered round into the west, as Cowslip had said it would, and brought the rain driving into the mouth of the hole.

They did not talk for talking's sake, in the artificial manner that human beings — and sometimes even their dogs and cats — do.

But they didn't.

A lot of the burrows are lying empty, you know: rats live in one part, but the man kills them as well, when he can.

But if you cross a river you start going up again, don't you?

In fact, I think you'll have to."

"Yes, of course it would.

But a few survived, as they always do.

You know that, don't you?"

 "Perhaps we have," said Bigwig.

 "I'm sure you do," said Cowslip, looking round at the  mudstained, bedraggled rabbits with an air of being too polite to comment.

"If he's not honest, he'll know we're afraid to come and if he is, he'll think we're suspicious, cowardly skulkers.

He pulled out a burnet leaf and ate it slowly, concealing his fear as best he could; for all his instincts were warning him of the dangers in the unknown country beyond the warren.

I'll be as quick as I can and you'll have to hope for the best until I get back.

They had no Chief Rabbit — no, how could they?— for a Chief Rabbit must be El-ahrairah to his warren and keep them from death: and here there was no death but one, and what Chief Rabbit could have an answer to that?

"So are all of us.

 "So he darned well ought to be," replied Bigwig, "the great dandy" for by their standards, Strawberry was scrupulously clean and fastidious.

"Well, you didn't get Fiver into it, did you?

 "They put that stuff there and then the hrududil run on it — faster than we can; and what else can run faster than we?" 

 "I don't think Pipkin's got any idea what really happened; but I have." 

Bigwig was racing back across the field, looking more agitated than he had at any time since the encounter with Captain Holly.

We supposed you would.

But then, if a lot of rabbits were afraid of some newcomers and wanted to deceive them — get them down a hole and attack them — they'd start — wouldn't they?— by sending someone who was plausible.

 "Well, there's no need to do any serious digging, is there?" said Bigwig.

Or I'll try to.

If he was terrified, why did he not run for safety, as any sensible rabbit would?

"It'll come there — don't think it won't!

 "I don't think we can," said Silver.

Now that I've learnt about it, I want to get away from it as soon as I can."

They won't leave me behind, will they?"

 "You saved Pipkin and me, didn't you?" he said.

Anyway, the others ought to know what we're doing and they won't unless you go and tell them.

But she has gone; and they fly pell-mell up the hedgerow, frisking, chattering and perching where they will.

The day I call you Chief Rabbit, Hazel, that'll be the day, that will!

 "If I don't," he thought, "they'll very likely tear me to bits: and much good may it do them." 

 "Do you really think we will?" asked Dandelion.

 "Your brother," said the Threarah, with the faintest suggestion of "Don't correct me any more, will you?" in his voice.

Of course I did.

And they will be — don't make any mistake about that."

You can't.

"Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would.

"Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would.

I hope I am.

Suddenly it came to Hazel that if Bigwig was dead — and what else could hold him silent in the mud?— then he himself must get the others away before the dreadful loss could drain their courage and break their spirit — as it would if they stayed by the body.

But I have heard that that scoundrel El-ahrairah means to come and steal them if he can.

No, why should you?

This, you understand, is to put the matter for you in simple terms, insofar as I can.

And he did all he could to make the food bad, except what he ate himself.

"You can't force them to like it if they don't.

 "Bigwig just spoke," he said to him,"but I don't think he can now.

"But, Hazel, you didn't really think the Chief Rabbit would act on your advice, did you?

Bigwig, just wait a moment, will you?"

And you want to know whether I did?

"You didn't know about the road, did you?

What we need is to find a safe place soon, and I'd rather succeed in doing what we can than fail to do what we can't."

What we need is to find a safe place soon, and I'd rather succeed in doing what we can than fail to do what we can't."

You know we all do, when we can.

You know we all do, when we can.

You really have to believe in El-ahrairah and Prince Rainbow, don't you?

You know that, don't you?"

 "Well, whether he has or not," said Hazel,"we can't go on looking for him.

 "Yes, I have," said Hawkbit.

I know I am.

If you are, I'll come with you."

 "Yes, we did," said Hazel.

 "You notice a lot, don't you, Hlao-roo?" said Hazel.

"You could hardly expect my people, weak and hungry as they are, to carry them all the way from King Darzin's garden.

Like all wild animals, rabbits can swim if they have to: and some even swim when it suits them.

 "That'll give some of them a surprise, won't it?" 

 "So could I," said Dandelion.

I just wanted to know whether you did.

Now that Hazel thought about it, he had not.

 "You've got some weight coming and that's more than I shall ever have." 

If you don't, we can easily teach you."

 "You heard me, didn't you?" 

If you can't find one, no one can."

Bigwig and Buckthorn smelt of blood and everyone else knew they did.

Hazel and the others followed as best they could, with Pipkin limping and staggering behind, his fear driving him on in spite of the pain in his paw.

She'll cut my head off, I know she will!

The Rabbit jumped wildly, dropped the gloves and the fan, and hurried away as fast as he could.

And she was.

‘No, I didn't!’ said the Knave loudly.

‘Well, yes, I do, but I don't steal them,’ explained Alice quickly.

(And he didn't — because he was made of paper.)

‘But you eat eggs, don't you?’

‘I won't!’ said Alice.

You can't…’

‘I do,’ Alice said quickly.

‘I prefer not to,’ said the Cat.

You can't swim, can you?’ he said to the Knave.

It was the same in all the other areas of my life; removed from the need to protect myself against the horrors of enhanced eidesis, I began to live as others did, blithely and unconsciously.

‘Yeah, I live near Saltdean, always have.’

Now, of course, I wish I had.

‘But, Mr Broadhurst, sir, all these things that I do and think, they're just habits, aren't they?

I mean everyone does these things, don't they?’

No, I'd love to.

After twenty minutes or so with the list broker you start to see the world as he does.

You'll not be like him, will you?’

Try as I might to be in the present, to subsume myself to history, to see myself as just another corpuscle coursing along the urban arteries, I couldn't.

Try as I might to be in the present, to subsume myself to history, to see myself as just another corpuscle coursing along the urban arteries, I couldn't.

It was whilst working my way through this, often writing in the column headings for several pages in advance to give myself the illusion that I had completed more than I actually had, that two important suspicions that had lain dormant for some time rose up and took on the aspect of horribly credible hypotheses.

But although he was terse, he didn't rage at me the way I expected him to.

‘Ah yes, Ian, but he has to me, he has to me.’

‘Ah yes, Ian, but he has to me, he has to me.’

‘It's just…it's just…that I don't have many friends and I do feel sort of isolated, I s'pose —’ I pulled up short, I was trespassing on forbidden ground, getting close to revealing more than I should.

You'll be sucked up and seduced by the beau monde, I know you will.’

But be that as it may, he no longer moved with the calculated languor that I remembered.

Of course, I know that you can.

Be that as it may, I perceive in your decision to purchase these shorts — you did purchase these shorts, didn't you?’

The rebuttal had done her no good whatsoever, her face was going blotchy, but she mustered all the sang-froid she could and continued, ‘Since you refuse to be civil I shall not moderate my criticism.

He knew I could, he was toying with me.

I couldn't.

‘But if you think you can — do.’

‘But if you think you can — do.’

All in good time you will have a bed partner and let me tell you, you will care for her far more than you ever could for this one.

‘I'm not surprised,’ said my therapist, ‘for nor can I.’

‘I-I, I can't seem to.

‘I want you to recall the label of said underpants, summon it up as fully as you possibly can.

would, for you cannot but do otherwise.

I don't…

‘Be that as it may, perhaps he would like to know that you have completely disrupted our meal.

Be that as it may, I perceive in your decision to purchase these shorts — you did purchase these shorts, didn't you?’

Of course you don't, I will perforce have to demonstrate.’

Be that as it may, I shall be philosophic if you prove unworthy of this not inconsiderable investment — I can always write it off as a little deficit financing — but if you wish to continue with our relationship you must be prepared to place some real trust in me.

‘I'd — I'd love to,’ I said.

‘I'd — I'd love to,’ I said.

‘Oh yes, it is,’ he said with heavy emphasis.

‘Well, there are and what I would like to propose to you is this, that you allow me to do these tests on you.

Wouldn't ye agree, lad, wouldn't ye?’

‘I am,’ I replied quaveringly.

‘Of course you do; Tim Hargreaves told me that you are an exceptional student.

You'd like to fiddle with the buttons of reality as he does, feel it up without remorse, without the sense that you have betrayed some shadowy commitment.

Why should they?

Sometimes it seems that way, doesn't it?

Now did you?

It couldn't be true, could it?

Nonetheless, you do still have some vanity, don't you?

‘Come off it, you do consistently well in all your modules — I've had a word with your course tutor — and as you've been continually assessed, you couldn't flunk now even if you wanted to.

‘Did you enjoy the piece?’ he asked, and before I could answer he went on, ‘I myself did not.

I came to be capable-as he had said I would — of the most beautifully consistent combinations of apprehensions with little twistles of kinaesthetic intimation.

If I strained I could see the world as others did, stereoscopically, but if I relaxed binocular vision would ensue, and while one ‘eye’ would remain focused, the other would slide away into the clouded periphery where The Fat Controller and his machinations held sway.

You know we did.

Didn't we have fun, well, didn't we?

I doubt it, because it is inconceivable, just as you cannot imagine what it would be like to be blind from birth and then gifted with sight (but of course I can).

Oh no I won't!’

All these people —’ he gestured wildly with a carpet roll of arm —‘they imagine that they perceive what is really there but they don't.

‘You do.

You'd like to get a little tiddly, wouldn't you?

ROS: Perhaps he did.

ROS: I must have!

GUIL: We got his symptoms, didn't we?

HAMLET:…for you yourself, sir, should be as old as I am if like a crab you could go backward.

GUIL: And when it isn't he can't.

ROS: Which he never could.

GUIL: Even if he could.

You can feel, can't you?

GUIL: Yes you did.

That can't be south, can it?

GUIL: And when it isn't he can't.

GUIL: You can still think, can't you?

A spectacular vindication of the principle that each individual coin spun individually (He spins one) is as likely to come down heads as tails and therefore should cause no surprise each individual time it does.

(It does.

If we postulate, and we just have, that within un-, sub- or supernatural forces the probability is that the law of probability will not operate as a factor, then we must accept that the probability of the first part will not operate as a factor, in which case the law of probability will operate as a factor within un-, sub- or supernatural forces.

And always have had.

That would be stupid, wouldn't it?

I know you, don't I?

PLAYER: You're wrong — they do!

PLAYER:(Gaily freeing himself) I did!— I did!— You're quicker than your friend…

ROS:(Cutting his fingernails) Another curious scientific phenomenon is the fact that the fingernails grow after death, as does the beard.

We are.

There's more money in that, is there?

But it's this, is it?

PLAYER:(Gaily freeing himself) I did!— I did!— You're quicker than your friend…

Because you'd be helpless, wouldn't you?

I mean, you'd never know you were in a box, would you?

I mean one thinks of it like being alive in a box, one keeps forgetting to take into account the fact that one is dead…which should make a difference…shouldn't it?

ROS: They had it in for us, didn't they?

PLAYER: Or we are as far as he is.

PLAYER: Or we are as far as he is.

GUIL: You did, the trouble is, each of them is…plausible, without being instinctive.

GUIL: I looked just as ridiculous as you did.

PLAYER: Who does, nowadays?

GUIL: If he didn't talk sense, which he does.

I was beginning to think it was.

I won — didn't I?

I mean I would, but you wouldn't…

I mean I would, but you wouldn't…

GUIL: Well, it would.

GUIL: I could see I had.

GUIL: Exactly, it's a matter of asking the right questions and giving away as little as we can.

(They do.)

So the Bishop of Liege dies fifteen years before he should: does this invalidate Quentin Durward ?

Should I have?

No, you don't: for the simple reason that I suppressed it a few pages ago.

Try as they might, those advertisers are always beaten down by the form; they are forced — even at the one time they need to be candidly personal — into an unwished impersonality.

If they did, they would probably taste of diesel and detergent.

And yet he said, when I expressed my feelings to him in public(I am not ashamed of love — why should I be?

‘Jean doesn't give a damn about that sort of thing,’ he growled, ‘and nor do I.’

I can imagine village priests delivering sermons on the Devil's invention and being mocked for it; but if they did, they were right.)

She slept less that night than Gustave and Louise did.

Then you should.

I suspect they do, and women, with the logic of flattery, remember to exclaim at the transporting moment, ‘Oh, I die!

I could see the banality of that; though of course he couldn't.

But I do not wish to.

He believed not merely that others should write as he did, but that others should live as he did.

No, he didn't.

Slip your fingers down my forearm, if you want to; yes, there, now feel the pulse.

He believed not merely that others should write as he did, but that others should live as he did.

Even so, it did strike me as peculiar that someone who lived by French literature should be so calamitously inadequate at making the basic words of the language sound as they did when her subjects, her heroes (her paymasters, too, you could say) first pronounced them.

What he wanted, of course, was for me to write as much like he did as I possibly could.

Flaubert does not build up his characters, as did Balzac, by objective, external description; in fact, so careless is he of their outward appearance that on one occasion he gives Emma brown eyes (14); on another deep black eyes (15); and on another blue eyes (16).

They believe that everyone should write as they do: not as well as they do, of course, but in the same fashion.

They believe that everyone should write as they do: not as well as they do, of course, but in the same fashion.

The correct word, the true phrase, the perfect sentence are always ‘out there’ somewhere; the writer's task is to locate them by whatever means he can.

Why should I ?

‘Flaubert does not build up his characters, as did Balzac, by objective, external description; in fact, so careless is he of their outward appearance that…’ it would be interesting to compare the time spent by Flaubert making sure that his heroine had the rare and difficult eyes of a tragic adulteress with the time spent by Dr Starkie in carelessly selling him short.

At thirty he muses — as he did throughout his life — on his own previous incarnations, on his apocryphal or metempsychotic lives in the more interesting times of Louis XIV, Nero and Pericles.

’ The list, which is by Roland Barthes, continues, as lists do.

You expect something from me too, don't you?

You won't forget about the cheese, will you?

That's the real distinction between people: not between those who have secrets and those who don't, but between those who want to know everything and those who don't.

Why should they be?

Oh no, I'm sure he didn't: sound fellow, good chap.

He says he did, but that was boastful invention: Bouilhet asked for salacities from Cairo, and Flaubert provided them.

Well, you know I've got brown eyes; make of that what you will.

’ But he didn't, of course; because she got it wrong.

There ought to be.

He could; he doesn't.

That's the real distinction between people: not between those who have secrets and those who don't, but between those who want to know everything and those who don't.

He feels as much sympathy for these victims as he does for slaves who died centuries earlier turning some tyrant's grindstone.

Well, to some extent we do: who would deny that?

What educated French writer doesn't?

One is that the writer chooses — as far as he can — the extent of what you call his involvement in life: despite his reputation, Flaubert occupied a half-and-half position.

It makes a fine scene, does it not?

The best life for a writer is the life which helps him write the best books he can.

He could; he doesn't.

 "No," Quiss said, shaking the attendant roughly so that the crownless brim round its cowl fell off, "I," he shook it again, sending the thing's hood flying off its head and revealing the smooth  continuation of the mask over the creature's skull, so that its little arms waggled trying to put the hood back on again as Quiss finished, "didn't." 

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

 "I don't —" he began, cleared his throat,"I don't usually dance all that much.

The room seemed darker now, and smaller than it had.

I'm not getting the practice I should, though.

She stopped talking then, as though she thought she had already said more than she should have.

 "The engineers are working as fast as they can." 

Quiss experienced the tiniest moment of fear, then savage anger, and was about to go down fighting —take as many of the little bastards with him as he could —when he realised that they were bowing and wringing their hands and making apologetic noises, not howling angry ones.

Unless you want to be.

 "You do?" the scullion said brightly, sitting up.

 "I don't!" came the yelped reply.

looked down at her feet as she walked, finally admitted, a little ashamedly, that it was all true; "I was wild," she agreed in her slow, low voice, nodding, Graham felt a sort of ache then, as he had when Slater first told him; he wanted to have known her then, to have been a part of her life during that time.

 "No, I didn't." 

 "Yes, you did!" 

He considered buying a cake to eat, but while he was thinking about it he kept on walking, and thought it would look stupid to turn back so far up the street, so he didn't, though at the thought his stomach suddenly rumbled.

"Yes you are.

They always do."

I know what the score is, like they say, I may be thirty-sev—thirty-eight, but I'm "switched on" all right —thirty-eight ge, and I know everything isn't "hunky-dory" the way people think it is.

 "Do" 

If it was all that important then they almost certainly hadn't.

If you are eligible, which I imagine you will be, you may claim Supplementary Benefit during the interim."

It said,"I'm probably saying more than I should, but as I'm giving you the information without you asking for It, I don't think it's covered by the rules.

Or was it?

I tell the truth, honest I do!"one was shouting, and it and a few others tugged at the lower edges of the few furs he still had on and pulling on his under-breeches where they appeared out of the top of his boots.

That was what he'd dropped, wasn't it?

Now, we don't think he's going to press charges, but you must realise that if he did you would in fact be facing a charge of assault, and coming as this does on top of your other verbal and written warnings —all within, I'm  afraid to say, Steve, "Mr Smith sat back in his seat with a sigh and flicked through a few more of the papers on his desk, shaking his head at them," a very short interval of time considering the length of your employment with us, and all regarding previous lapses in…"

Of course, he had known they would use the Microwave Gun on him; they always did when he was up in front of somebody, whenever he was at a disadvantage anyway and needed all the help he could get, whenever he was going for an interview for a job, or being asked things by the Social security people or even clerks in the Post Office.

Now, we don't think he's going to press charges, but you must realise that if he did you would in fact be facing a charge of assault, and coming as this does on top of your other verbal and written warnings —all within, I'm  afraid to say, Steve, "Mr Smith sat back in his seat with a sigh and flicked through a few more of the papers on his desk, shaking his head at them," a very short interval of time considering the length of your employment with us, and all regarding previous lapses in…"

I told them if we didn't get more light and heat up here soon I'd tear a few more of them apart, but after that they only started acting all stupid, and anyway they'll soon forget; they always do."

It hadn't been much of a job after all; he had thought at first from the sound of it that it might mean travel, but it didn't.

He hadn't wanted to sign anything, but they had said they wouldn't give him any money unless he did, so he'd pretended to read the papers carefully and then signed them.

Don't tell me I couldn't; I'm stronger than you know!"

I've said it before you did!

Ajayi raised her eyebrows, waiting for the man to look at her, but he did not; he simply sat, torso perched forward, one elbow on his knee, hairy chin in one hand.

There was only one day, wasn't there, or did they have days here but they were just very long?

Mr Grout, but the rules are that if you do then you have to"

Not just now, perhaps, but I am, I certainly am.

Mr Grout, but the rules are that if you do then you have to"

Not just now, perhaps, but I am, I certainly am.

"I certainly did.

Ordinary heat didn't itch the way microwave heat did.

 "I didn't say it was your fault, did I?" 

 "You wouldn't get the wrong idea if I asked you to put that light out, would you?" she asked.

"Well, I do.

 "I won't." 

"No, you can't, can you?

Because I'm not here because I want to be, that's why.

"No, you can't, can you?

I'm my own man and that's very important in these times, even if you haven't had the problems I've had, and you haven't, because that's perfectly obvious, you're sitting there and asking me the questions.

 "I didn't find out her name," Grout waved one hand dismissively,"Well you didn't get very far with her either, did you?

 "Of course I have," he said.

He tried to imagine drawing such a scene, but couldn't.

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

He watched to see if they would look over at him and Slater, but they didn't.

Time would have to drag on a lot longer than it had.

She thought Quiss had too but he didn't want to admit it to himself.

‘It is.’

But don't stop smiling, or so will I.’

‘You do have them, don't you?

He just does.’

It was the disconcerting sort of grip that suggested that the gripper could grip a whole lot harder, if he wanted to.

That's what he didn't, the water here.

A flash of precognition told him that the box would be able to swim faster than he could.

‘Hey, just hold that smile, will you?’

Even Rincewind did not.

It has been remarked before that those who are sensitive to radiations in the far octarine — the eighth colour, the pigment of the Imagination — can see things that others cannot.

‘I can,’ said Rincewind defiantly.

You do have some, don't you?

I certainly intended to,’ said the dead man.

‘But how does it?

‘You'd be Twoflower, wouldn't you?

At least, I think it is.

‘You mean you can't.’

‘Of course he won't!’ boomed an expansive voice behind him.

‘Didn't you?’ he said.

‘Just go away, will you?’ said the rider.

He hoped he couldn't.

The words of the Spell picked just that moment to surface from the depths of his mind, as they always did in time of crisis.

‘I expect you know what this is, don't you?’

‘You are.’

The coins quietened the men's agitation in the way that gold can, and Rincewind was amazed to find, half a minute later, that he was holding a little glass portrait of Twoflower wielding a huge notched sword and smiling as though all his dreams had come true.

If you wanted pink you shouldn't of took all those pictures of young ladies, should you?

‘We have, have we?’ said Ymor.

Twoflower wondered why he had thought of the phrase ‘a sliver of a scream’…and began to wish he hadn't.

‘He usually does.

I'LL GET YOU YET, CULLY, said Death, in the voice like the slamming of leaden coffin lids, SEE IF I DON'T.

Not that I hope it does.

‘We have, have we?’ said Ymor.

‘Had.’

Do you not know that what you belittle by the name tree is but the mere four-dimensional analogue of a whole multidimensional universe which — no, I can see you do not.

I would, he added mentally — if I hadn't seen what the Luggage does to prying fingers.

‘It is, it is,’ snapped Greicha's disembodied voice.

I will!

‘It is, it is,’ snapped Greicha's disembodied voice.

They wouldn't.

You can't.

‘I can't?’ he said.

So did the fourth.

‘Just follow your little heart,’ she commented; as she ever did in matters of important self-expression.)

‘Just follow your little heart,’ she commented; as she ever did in matters of important self-expression.)

Coming as it did from such a family — not only from Lazarus' and Lyon's own strenuous devotions to their faith, in which names are of the greatest significance, but also from that of Solomon Klinitsky-Klein, his maternal grandfather and his very similar tradition.

‘All hell rules over the man who is angry,’ says the Talmud, and by September 1939, when Leonard was beginning to come to terms with the thresholds of life's reality, hell was ruling the world, or at least appeared to be.

Leonard was fortunate to come to it when he did, for he was able to enter into the fruits and the confidence born of it, as well as classical English literature.

We do.

The choices are both a reflection of his inner confusion, and a statement of his determination to let his curiosity run wherever it would -and that long before ‘mixed’ courses were popular.

And his third year First Class results (known at McGill as ‘Great Distinction’) in English demonstrate where his heart truly lay, as did his obtaining the coveted Chester Macnaughton Prize for ‘Creative Writing’ in 1955; as well as the Peterson Memorial Prize in literature.

Layton described the four things which stand out in Leonard, which give him the confidence to work as he does, and promote his work: The strong tradition of learning; the business entrepreneurship of his family; the broad philanthropy/charity which hall-marked it; and, lastly, the self-awareness that comes from being a Cohen — not understood as class-distinction, but from the high symbolism of ‘the priest and his role.’

Moreover, he is angry that the rest of us — including the so-called caring brotherhood of World Federalists and Communists — do not.

But could he have been?

The first lines gripped him; as did the next verse; and then the whole poem.

A.M. Klein, a Jewish Montreal poet of considerable skill understood the matter, as Woodcock could not:

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

Ginsberg's Howl actually came out while Leonard was there, doing for the fifties and sixties generation what Eliot's The Waste Land did for the twenties and thirties, and not least Ginsberg's ‘A Supermarket In California’, in which he questioned Lorca's lonely habits; as did Lawrence Ferlinghetti's Picture Of The Gone World .

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

A more powerful figure it would not be possible to evoke from one of Leonard's background, for it captures a significance which the kite could not: that man is only one of many free creatures, subject with them all to a higher power and influence.

In essence his message was very simple, as the products of such geniuses tend to be.

But she would never forget the very different lifestyle of her early years — she was 20 when they emigrated; the veneration of her father and her father's father, the gross insecurity under which they lived; the ever-present threat of injury and loss, and the belittling malice; experiences which moulded and coloured her whole existence, as did her knowledge of Polish, Russian and Yiddish.

Nathan Cohen was one of them, and he had just cause to fear the upturn of the events, as did his younger brother, Horace.

His humour constantly breaks through in asides and anecdotes, as does a delightful and mastering smile that transforms his face like Aegean sunlight on a frowning sea.

‘I could get anyone under the spell,’ he says, adding that he had hypnotised their maid (as Breavman had in The Favourite Game ) and feared that he had driven her insane by it!

By the time the first sharp feelings of his loss had begun to wear off -it would be very many years before all of it did so, and arguable that it ever did — other voices were beckoning.

RELATIONSHIP TO CAMP STAFF: He is well liked by the entire staff and they enjoy his company just as he does theirs.

It went well, as did the second and the third lessons.

The daughter, apparently, had no feelings; she did not come into the picture, as elder sisters frequently do not.

It sounds like a soap opera but so does any tragedy (!) that happens to real people.

Leonard's poem, ‘Out Of The Land Of Heaven’ majestically captures that noble spirit, as it does the depth and beauty of human love and the song to which it gives birth.

It is typical of him to assert, as Judaism does roundly, that all work is honourable; and deny that the reliance on special work and destiny (‘God's work’) elevates a man per se .

In the meantime we may note that, right or wrong, balanced or not, Leonard spoke from the heart — as did the prophets of old; the sell-out qualities of the book demonstrated the need, as well as his astuteness in compiling his selection.

Somehow his feelings became detached from the critical procedures (not that he does not handle and assess his own work critically, which he does).

However, this seems to be a red herring, since the standard Buck topology uses a pair of inductors (though not coupled) and a single transistor switch just as the Cuk topology does, but need no other energy coupling device.

Since a perfectly symmetric waveform foes not contain even harmonics and an asymmetric one does, a possible technique would be to isolate the even harmonics as the usable signal.

They need to be.

The East and West African cables for example had to cross Portuguese territory, as did the South America cable which used the island of Madeira as a way-station.

Somehow Beethoven did, though it was not, one feels, a reading he would have approved.

It seems a fair bet that Joe Public finds it as hard to feel sorry for rodents as Winston Smith did, and though these lobotomised specimens were of the cuter white kind, it was possibly to watch this sequence without feeling many qualms.

I'll see that he doesn't.

She didn't go to the inquest but Alex did, although he never told her what happened there.

She remembered Elizabeth saying in the first weeks of her engagement to Alex, ‘Do you know, you're a rather intimidating couple?’ and she had been tempted to reply, ‘Oh, we are, we are.’

He is.

He had liked her, respected her, had always been at ease in her company, but he had never thought that he really knew her, and now he never would.

‘You could if you wanted to.

‘Yes, I think that I am.

It won't be just the three of us, will it?

The question did not appear to surprise her but it did surprise him, as did the very fact that they were walking so companionably together.

She said: ‘Well, why don't you?

‘You could if you wanted to.

He said: ‘If he doesn't select and stalk his victim, and obviously he didn't in the last three cases, he'd normally have to expect a long wait.

His newborn son's face he could still recall vividly and sometimes did in his dreams, that white unsullied look of sweet knowledgeable contentment, as if , in a brief moment of life, he had seen and known all there was to know, seen it and rejected it.

Ma-in-law didn't like the idea of her being in Norfolk with the Whistler on the prowl, not with me working the hours I do.’

‘It looks as if the Whistler's getting closer, doesn't it, in more ways than one.’

Rickards didn't want it to become public knowledge and it won't.

Alex Mair was beginning to say that he, of course, would drive her but Meg extricated herself clumsily from her chair and said, a little too eagerly: ‘I'd be grateful if you would.

‘Completely fortuitous, I should say, wouldn't you?

Even if they had, I wouldn't have remembered the name.

And this issue he had been hard put to it to find a couple of intelligent letters for the correspondence page; sometimes it seemed that every crackbrain in north-east Norfolk read the PANUP newsletter but that no one else did.

Or I will if you're too scared.‘

‘Could be either, couldn't it?

You could read about Him if you wanted to.

You didn't like it any more than I did.

He doesn't, but you do.

And by the end you know everything, or think you do.

Rickards said: ‘You'd think so, wouldn't you.’

He doesn't, but you do.

She was strangled all right, or I suppose she was.

‘Oh, I didn't mention that, did I?

In theory he supposed he could organize PANUP from anywhere in the UK, but he knew that it was irrevocably bound to Larksoken headland, to the caravan, to that concrete mass five miles to the north which had power, apparently, to dominate his will as it did his imagination.

Soon after she arrived at the caravan he had said: ‘I'm vegetarian but I don't expect you to be, or Timmy.’

They never do.’

You'd feel that you had to.

And yes, I did make gingerbread men with currants for their eyes, didn't you?’

The door at Martyr's Cottage stood open as it often did in sunny weather, and she called out to Alice before, in response to her answering voice, moving down the corridor to the kitchen.

Already he had half decided that it had to be.

It wasn't important to her, or if it was, she had decided to drop it, at least for now.

I mean, it's no secret, is it?’

‘Then someone else did, one of the regulars in the Local Hero, maybe.

‘You did.’

‘Well, with you gone I could go to the DHSS, couldn't I?

Bloody hell it won't.

‘I don't.

If men want to they usually do.’

If men want to they usually do.’

Of course she would.

‘Well, you would, wouldn't you?

‘Well, you would, wouldn't you?

That means he doesn't really want to.

‘No, I don't.

The press got hold of it somehow, as they usually do, but there's nothing official yet.

Mair said calmly: The answer is that it hasn't; the publicity was premature.

‘No, he doesn't.

‘Yes, I think I would, but I'm not a moral philosopher.’

I know I should have been.

I suppose I have.

‘Of course you would.

‘Oh, I did, I did!

And I thought you felt as I did, that it was impossible for you to have a child.’

‘Oh, I did, I did!

Is it?’

‘This is what it's all about, isn't it?

If he hasn't, then nothing does.’

If he hasn't, then nothing does.’

How could I?

It was the first time they had met although he had known of her existence as he had of all the handful of people who lived, as the Lydsett villagers said, ‘t'other side of the gate’.

But why the hell should he?

If, with the new job, he moved back to London she wouldn't follow him, and nor, she knew, would he expect her to.

She remembered Elizabeth saying in the first weeks of her engagement to Alex, ‘Do you know, you're a rather intimidating couple?’ and she had been tempted to reply, ‘Oh, we are, we are.’

Firmly replacing the lid he marvelled, as he always did, at the difference one girl and an eighteen-month-old baby could make to the volume of household waste.

It was a disagreeable story and coming as it did after the impact of the portrait it provoked in Dalgliesh a mixture of depression and foreboding which he tried to shake off as irrational.

‘You didn't know I could do it, did you?’

Sometimes she saw the three of them as expatriates, stranded in some remote colony, obstinately adhering to old customs, a lost way of life, as they did to old forms of worship.

If your father agrees, would you like to come and help with the table like you did last month?’

He said: ‘Presumably he knows that and he'll get out when he can, but it won't be easy.

The party  divisions between leading reformers such as Lloyd George, Mosley and Macmillan also hindered co-operation, as did personal hostility within political parties (on all occasions between Mosley and Ernest Bevin in the Labour movement and intermittently between Lloyd George and Keynes in the Liberals).

But this time I did.

I have to hand it to myself, I really do.

That worked out really well, didn't it?

I haven't suddenly become incredibly witty and good-looking — you'd have noticed, wouldn't you?— or a high-flier with a huge family that takes Gillian into its bosom.

But perhaps someone did — does — fancy Mme Wyatt.

People never did.

Every time I looked in the mirror — and I can be a very careful driver if I want to be — I saw the languid bride with shuttered eyes and hair adrift.

I know you don't — you've told me that before.

I never thought I could work with someone like Oliver there, but I can.

I read in the paper this morning that if you smoke you're less likely to develop Alzheimer's disease than if you don't.

But he doesn't, and I'm less and less convinced I'd react like that if he did.

Why do they go on the way they do, making a huge fuss about little things and then ignoring what ought to be much more important?

You don't?

We spent a long time on the sofa that evening, and I would have stayed the night if he'd asked me but he didn't.

Or rather, I do.

Stuart's been bleating on about how I changed my name, hasn't he?

I really don't.

The show went off as well as these things do.

Anyway, you can't go through the whole of your life being called Nigel , can you?

It doesn't happen very often, of course, which makes it all the more satisfying when it does.

Perhaps if she had, things would have been different, I don't know.

Did I marry Stuart because I thought he wouldn't let me down the way my father had?

You can't say that, can you?

First he told them to lay off me, and when they sneered and said what would happen if they didn't, he merely replied, ‘A series of inexplicable misfortunes.’

And everyone has to have an answer, don't they?

We stayed friends even though he went to university and I didn't, even though he went off to Nineveh and Distant Ophir and I didn't, even though I went into the Bank and had a steady job while he flitted from one bit of temporary work to another and eventually ended up teaching English as a foreign language in a side street off the Edgware Road.

Well that's a perfectly good monicker up to the age of about nine, but pretty soon you'd have to do something about it, wouldn't you?

Stuart In a way it's a surprise that the Edwardian has survived, but I'm rather pleased it has.

We stayed friends even though he went to university and I didn't, even though he went off to Nineveh and Distant Ophir and I didn't, even though I went into the Bank and had a steady job while he flitted from one bit of temporary work to another and eventually ended up teaching English as a foreign language in a side street off the Edgware Road.

And sometimes sooner than I do.

Well, maybe ‘blossom’ is an exaggeration, but I told Gillian one or two of Oliver's jokes, and we talked about being apprehensive over coming to the group, and then it emerged that she was half-French, and I had something to say about that, and the estate agent tried to bring in Germany but we weren't having any of it, and before I knew where I was I had half-turned my shoulder to exclude the other chap and was saying, ‘Look, I know you've only more or less just arrived, but you wouldn't like a spot of supper would you?

Half the world seems to have confidence and half the world doesn't, and I don't know how you make the jump from one half to the other.

But he doesn't, and I'm less and less convinced I'd react like that if he did.

Perhaps you do.

It is, oh it is.

It is, oh it is.

You will help spread the word, won't you?

No, I didn't think you would.

I said I did.

I never intended to.

We both have.’

‘You don't…

Maybe what I did was an act of complicity, or looked as if it could have been.

‘You don't…’

Everyone does.

I've got to.’

‘Oh, but I will.

So when I next got Oliver alone, I said to him quietly, ‘Look, you can tell me, you didn't resign, did you?’

And I did.

He didn't; instead, he sorted them out in two weeks flat.

No I don't.

And when I did I found I couldn't concentrate on my work at all.

I'm very glad I did.

I just suspect she'd want me to.

‘I don't either,’ I finally said.

The old Oliver wouldn't have had any…trouble like that, and if he did he'd just have danced away from it.

A lot of that sarcasm is just bravado, and if I can put up with his teasing, can't you?

I had a friend — well, I still do, it's just that we're temporarily out of touch — called Alison.

So he got wetter than I did.

Nothing she said, just a way she has of slightly turning and doing something else and not replying as quickly as she might.

You did?

There we stood, side by side at those hip-high porcelain  scoops, each staring grimly ahead at some Mexican firing-squad in the way that Englishmen do, neither dropping his gaze for a squint at the other's tackle.

But now I instinctively thought, Oh no you didn't Ollie, you didn't resign, you got sacked.

I suppose it's something to do with me being happy, being married, knowing where I am: I can see things more clearly now than I used to.

It didn't need much concentration, and all through the morning I kept getting interrupted by the thought of Oliver standing there not being able to say anything, and then practically shouting what he did.

But I do.

I do, I do!)

I do, I do!)

He can be really clever when he wants to be.

I didn't go to university, Nigel did.

Probably not very much, no reason why you should.

I suppose it was because we know he's been highly-strung lately — his peculiar behaviour at the airport, for a start — that it took longer than it should have done for me to think over properly what had happened.

Sorry, absolutely no reason why you should.

But one is forced, upon contemplating Stuart, to conclude that if he is not currently d'un certain âge , he nevertheless might as well be.

Having Oliver with us helped, I'm sure it did.

You don't mind if I do?

While Hazel gazed, the wind slowly veered round into the west, as Cowslip had said it would, and brought the rain driving into the mouth of the hole.

They did not talk for talking's sake, in the artificial manner that human beings — and sometimes even their dogs and cats — do.

But they didn't.

A lot of the burrows are lying empty, you know: rats live in one part, but the man kills them as well, when he can.

But if you cross a river you start going up again, don't you?

In fact, I think you'll have to."

"Yes, of course it would.

But a few survived, as they always do.

You know that, don't you?"

 "Perhaps we have," said Bigwig.

 "I'm sure you do," said Cowslip, looking round at the  mudstained, bedraggled rabbits with an air of being too polite to comment.

"If he's not honest, he'll know we're afraid to come and if he is, he'll think we're suspicious, cowardly skulkers.

He pulled out a burnet leaf and ate it slowly, concealing his fear as best he could; for all his instincts were warning him of the dangers in the unknown country beyond the warren.

I'll be as quick as I can and you'll have to hope for the best until I get back.

They had no Chief Rabbit — no, how could they?— for a Chief Rabbit must be El-ahrairah to his warren and keep them from death: and here there was no death but one, and what Chief Rabbit could have an answer to that?

"So are all of us.

 "So he darned well ought to be," replied Bigwig, "the great dandy" for by their standards, Strawberry was scrupulously clean and fastidious.

"Well, you didn't get Fiver into it, did you?

 "They put that stuff there and then the hrududil run on it — faster than we can; and what else can run faster than we?" 

 "I don't think Pipkin's got any idea what really happened; but I have." 

Bigwig was racing back across the field, looking more agitated than he had at any time since the encounter with Captain Holly.

We supposed you would.

But then, if a lot of rabbits were afraid of some newcomers and wanted to deceive them — get them down a hole and attack them — they'd start — wouldn't they?— by sending someone who was plausible.

 "Well, there's no need to do any serious digging, is there?" said Bigwig.

Or I'll try to.

If he was terrified, why did he not run for safety, as any sensible rabbit would?

"It'll come there — don't think it won't!

 "I don't think we can," said Silver.

Now that I've learnt about it, I want to get away from it as soon as I can."

They won't leave me behind, will they?"

 "You saved Pipkin and me, didn't you?" he said.

Anyway, the others ought to know what we're doing and they won't unless you go and tell them.

But she has gone; and they fly pell-mell up the hedgerow, frisking, chattering and perching where they will.

The day I call you Chief Rabbit, Hazel, that'll be the day, that will!

 "If I don't," he thought, "they'll very likely tear me to bits: and much good may it do them." 

 "Do you really think we will?" asked Dandelion.

 "Your brother," said the Threarah, with the faintest suggestion of "Don't correct me any more, will you?" in his voice.

Of course I did.

And they will be — don't make any mistake about that."

You can't.

"Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would.

"Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would.

I hope I am.

Suddenly it came to Hazel that if Bigwig was dead — and what else could hold him silent in the mud?— then he himself must get the others away before the dreadful loss could drain their courage and break their spirit — as it would if they stayed by the body.

But I have heard that that scoundrel El-ahrairah means to come and steal them if he can.

No, why should you?

This, you understand, is to put the matter for you in simple terms, insofar as I can.

And he did all he could to make the food bad, except what he ate himself.

"You can't force them to like it if they don't.

 "Bigwig just spoke," he said to him,"but I don't think he can now.

"But, Hazel, you didn't really think the Chief Rabbit would act on your advice, did you?

Bigwig, just wait a moment, will you?"

And you want to know whether I did?

"You didn't know about the road, did you?

What we need is to find a safe place soon, and I'd rather succeed in doing what we can than fail to do what we can't."

What we need is to find a safe place soon, and I'd rather succeed in doing what we can than fail to do what we can't."

You know we all do, when we can.

You know we all do, when we can.

You really have to believe in El-ahrairah and Prince Rainbow, don't you?

You know that, don't you?"

 "Well, whether he has or not," said Hazel,"we can't go on looking for him.

 "Yes, I have," said Hawkbit.

I know I am.

If you are, I'll come with you."

 "Yes, we did," said Hazel.

 "You notice a lot, don't you, Hlao-roo?" said Hazel.

"You could hardly expect my people, weak and hungry as they are, to carry them all the way from King Darzin's garden.

Like all wild animals, rabbits can swim if they have to: and some even swim when it suits them.

 "That'll give some of them a surprise, won't it?" 

 "So could I," said Dandelion.

I just wanted to know whether you did.

Now that Hazel thought about it, he had not.

 "You've got some weight coming and that's more than I shall ever have." 

If you don't, we can easily teach you."

 "You heard me, didn't you?" 

If you can't find one, no one can."

Bigwig and Buckthorn smelt of blood and everyone else knew they did.

Hazel and the others followed as best they could, with Pipkin limping and staggering behind, his fear driving him on in spite of the pain in his paw.

She'll cut my head off, I know she will!

The Rabbit jumped wildly, dropped the gloves and the fan, and hurried away as fast as he could.

And she was.

‘No, I didn't!’ said the Knave loudly.

‘Well, yes, I do, but I don't steal them,’ explained Alice quickly.

(And he didn't — because he was made of paper.)

‘But you eat eggs, don't you?’

‘I won't!’ said Alice.

You can't…’

‘I do,’ Alice said quickly.

‘I prefer not to,’ said the Cat.

You can't swim, can you?’ he said to the Knave.

It was the same in all the other areas of my life; removed from the need to protect myself against the horrors of enhanced eidesis, I began to live as others did, blithely and unconsciously.

‘Yeah, I live near Saltdean, always have.’

Now, of course, I wish I had.

‘But, Mr Broadhurst, sir, all these things that I do and think, they're just habits, aren't they?

I mean everyone does these things, don't they?’

No, I'd love to.

After twenty minutes or so with the list broker you start to see the world as he does.

You'll not be like him, will you?’

Try as I might to be in the present, to subsume myself to history, to see myself as just another corpuscle coursing along the urban arteries, I couldn't.

Try as I might to be in the present, to subsume myself to history, to see myself as just another corpuscle coursing along the urban arteries, I couldn't.

It was whilst working my way through this, often writing in the column headings for several pages in advance to give myself the illusion that I had completed more than I actually had, that two important suspicions that had lain dormant for some time rose up and took on the aspect of horribly credible hypotheses.

But although he was terse, he didn't rage at me the way I expected him to.

‘Ah yes, Ian, but he has to me, he has to me.’

‘Ah yes, Ian, but he has to me, he has to me.’

‘It's just…it's just…that I don't have many friends and I do feel sort of isolated, I s'pose —’ I pulled up short, I was trespassing on forbidden ground, getting close to revealing more than I should.

You'll be sucked up and seduced by the beau monde, I know you will.’

But be that as it may, he no longer moved with the calculated languor that I remembered.

Of course, I know that you can.

Be that as it may, I perceive in your decision to purchase these shorts — you did purchase these shorts, didn't you?’

The rebuttal had done her no good whatsoever, her face was going blotchy, but she mustered all the sang-froid she could and continued, ‘Since you refuse to be civil I shall not moderate my criticism.

He knew I could, he was toying with me.

I couldn't.

‘But if you think you can — do.’

‘But if you think you can — do.’

All in good time you will have a bed partner and let me tell you, you will care for her far more than you ever could for this one.

‘I'm not surprised,’ said my therapist, ‘for nor can I.’

‘I-I, I can't seem to.

‘I want you to recall the label of said underpants, summon it up as fully as you possibly can.

would, for you cannot but do otherwise.

I don't…

‘Be that as it may, perhaps he would like to know that you have completely disrupted our meal.

Be that as it may, I perceive in your decision to purchase these shorts — you did purchase these shorts, didn't you?’

Of course you don't, I will perforce have to demonstrate.’

Be that as it may, I shall be philosophic if you prove unworthy of this not inconsiderable investment — I can always write it off as a little deficit financing — but if you wish to continue with our relationship you must be prepared to place some real trust in me.

‘I'd — I'd love to,’ I said.

‘I'd — I'd love to,’ I said.

‘Oh yes, it is,’ he said with heavy emphasis.

‘Well, there are and what I would like to propose to you is this, that you allow me to do these tests on you.

Wouldn't ye agree, lad, wouldn't ye?’

‘I am,’ I replied quaveringly.

‘Of course you do; Tim Hargreaves told me that you are an exceptional student.

You'd like to fiddle with the buttons of reality as he does, feel it up without remorse, without the sense that you have betrayed some shadowy commitment.

Why should they?

Sometimes it seems that way, doesn't it?

Now did you?

It couldn't be true, could it?

Nonetheless, you do still have some vanity, don't you?

‘Come off it, you do consistently well in all your modules — I've had a word with your course tutor — and as you've been continually assessed, you couldn't flunk now even if you wanted to.

‘Did you enjoy the piece?’ he asked, and before I could answer he went on, ‘I myself did not.

I came to be capable-as he had said I would — of the most beautifully consistent combinations of apprehensions with little twistles of kinaesthetic intimation.

If I strained I could see the world as others did, stereoscopically, but if I relaxed binocular vision would ensue, and while one ‘eye’ would remain focused, the other would slide away into the clouded periphery where The Fat Controller and his machinations held sway.

You know we did.

Didn't we have fun, well, didn't we?

I doubt it, because it is inconceivable, just as you cannot imagine what it would be like to be blind from birth and then gifted with sight (but of course I can).

Oh no I won't!’

All these people —’ he gestured wildly with a carpet roll of arm —‘they imagine that they perceive what is really there but they don't.

‘You do.

You'd like to get a little tiddly, wouldn't you?

ROS: Perhaps he did.

ROS: I must have!

GUIL: We got his symptoms, didn't we?

HAMLET:…for you yourself, sir, should be as old as I am if like a crab you could go backward.

GUIL: And when it isn't he can't.

ROS: Which he never could.

GUIL: Even if he could.

You can feel, can't you?

GUIL: Yes you did.

That can't be south, can it?

GUIL: And when it isn't he can't.

GUIL: You can still think, can't you?

A spectacular vindication of the principle that each individual coin spun individually (He spins one) is as likely to come down heads as tails and therefore should cause no surprise each individual time it does.

(It does.

If we postulate, and we just have, that within un-, sub- or supernatural forces the probability is that the law of probability will not operate as a factor, then we must accept that the probability of the first part will not operate as a factor, in which case the law of probability will operate as a factor within un-, sub- or supernatural forces.

And always have had.

That would be stupid, wouldn't it?

I know you, don't I?

PLAYER: You're wrong — they do!

PLAYER:(Gaily freeing himself) I did!— I did!— You're quicker than your friend…

ROS:(Cutting his fingernails) Another curious scientific phenomenon is the fact that the fingernails grow after death, as does the beard.

We are.

There's more money in that, is there?

But it's this, is it?

PLAYER:(Gaily freeing himself) I did!— I did!— You're quicker than your friend…

Because you'd be helpless, wouldn't you?

I mean, you'd never know you were in a box, would you?

I mean one thinks of it like being alive in a box, one keeps forgetting to take into account the fact that one is dead…which should make a difference…shouldn't it?

ROS: They had it in for us, didn't they?

PLAYER: Or we are as far as he is.

PLAYER: Or we are as far as he is.

GUIL: You did, the trouble is, each of them is…plausible, without being instinctive.

GUIL: I looked just as ridiculous as you did.

PLAYER: Who does, nowadays?

GUIL: If he didn't talk sense, which he does.

I was beginning to think it was.

I won — didn't I?

I mean I would, but you wouldn't…

I mean I would, but you wouldn't…

GUIL: Well, it would.

GUIL: I could see I had.

GUIL: Exactly, it's a matter of asking the right questions and giving away as little as we can.

(They do.)

So the Bishop of Liege dies fifteen years before he should: does this invalidate Quentin Durward ?

Should I have?

No, you don't: for the simple reason that I suppressed it a few pages ago.

Try as they might, those advertisers are always beaten down by the form; they are forced — even at the one time they need to be candidly personal — into an unwished impersonality.

If they did, they would probably taste of diesel and detergent.

And yet he said, when I expressed my feelings to him in public(I am not ashamed of love — why should I be?

‘Jean doesn't give a damn about that sort of thing,’ he growled, ‘and nor do I.’

I can imagine village priests delivering sermons on the Devil's invention and being mocked for it; but if they did, they were right.)

She slept less that night than Gustave and Louise did.

Then you should.

I suspect they do, and women, with the logic of flattery, remember to exclaim at the transporting moment, ‘Oh, I die!

I could see the banality of that; though of course he couldn't.

But I do not wish to.

He believed not merely that others should write as he did, but that others should live as he did.

No, he didn't.

Slip your fingers down my forearm, if you want to; yes, there, now feel the pulse.

He believed not merely that others should write as he did, but that others should live as he did.

Even so, it did strike me as peculiar that someone who lived by French literature should be so calamitously inadequate at making the basic words of the language sound as they did when her subjects, her heroes (her paymasters, too, you could say) first pronounced them.

What he wanted, of course, was for me to write as much like he did as I possibly could.

Flaubert does not build up his characters, as did Balzac, by objective, external description; in fact, so careless is he of their outward appearance that on one occasion he gives Emma brown eyes (14); on another deep black eyes (15); and on another blue eyes (16).

They believe that everyone should write as they do: not as well as they do, of course, but in the same fashion.

They believe that everyone should write as they do: not as well as they do, of course, but in the same fashion.

The correct word, the true phrase, the perfect sentence are always ‘out there’ somewhere; the writer's task is to locate them by whatever means he can.

Why should I ?

‘Flaubert does not build up his characters, as did Balzac, by objective, external description; in fact, so careless is he of their outward appearance that…’ it would be interesting to compare the time spent by Flaubert making sure that his heroine had the rare and difficult eyes of a tragic adulteress with the time spent by Dr Starkie in carelessly selling him short.

At thirty he muses — as he did throughout his life — on his own previous incarnations, on his apocryphal or metempsychotic lives in the more interesting times of Louis XIV, Nero and Pericles.

’ The list, which is by Roland Barthes, continues, as lists do.

You expect something from me too, don't you?

You won't forget about the cheese, will you?

That's the real distinction between people: not between those who have secrets and those who don't, but between those who want to know everything and those who don't.

Why should they be?

Oh no, I'm sure he didn't: sound fellow, good chap.

He says he did, but that was boastful invention: Bouilhet asked for salacities from Cairo, and Flaubert provided them.

Well, you know I've got brown eyes; make of that what you will.

’ But he didn't, of course; because she got it wrong.

There ought to be.

He could; he doesn't.

That's the real distinction between people: not between those who have secrets and those who don't, but between those who want to know everything and those who don't.

He feels as much sympathy for these victims as he does for slaves who died centuries earlier turning some tyrant's grindstone.

Well, to some extent we do: who would deny that?

What educated French writer doesn't?

One is that the writer chooses — as far as he can — the extent of what you call his involvement in life: despite his reputation, Flaubert occupied a half-and-half position.

It makes a fine scene, does it not?

The best life for a writer is the life which helps him write the best books he can.

He could; he doesn't.

 "No," Quiss said, shaking the attendant roughly so that the crownless brim round its cowl fell off, "I," he shook it again, sending the thing's hood flying off its head and revealing the smooth  continuation of the mask over the creature's skull, so that its little arms waggled trying to put the hood back on again as Quiss finished, "didn't." 

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

 "I don't —" he began, cleared his throat,"I don't usually dance all that much.

The room seemed darker now, and smaller than it had.

I'm not getting the practice I should, though.

She stopped talking then, as though she thought she had already said more than she should have.

 "The engineers are working as fast as they can." 

Quiss experienced the tiniest moment of fear, then savage anger, and was about to go down fighting —take as many of the little bastards with him as he could —when he realised that they were bowing and wringing their hands and making apologetic noises, not howling angry ones.

Unless you want to be.

 "You do?" the scullion said brightly, sitting up.

 "I don't!" came the yelped reply.

looked down at her feet as she walked, finally admitted, a little ashamedly, that it was all true; "I was wild," she agreed in her slow, low voice, nodding, Graham felt a sort of ache then, as he had when Slater first told him; he wanted to have known her then, to have been a part of her life during that time.

 "No, I didn't." 

 "Yes, you did!" 

He considered buying a cake to eat, but while he was thinking about it he kept on walking, and thought it would look stupid to turn back so far up the street, so he didn't, though at the thought his stomach suddenly rumbled.

"Yes you are.

They always do."

I know what the score is, like they say, I may be thirty-sev—thirty-eight, but I'm "switched on" all right —thirty-eight ge, and I know everything isn't "hunky-dory" the way people think it is.

 "Do" 

If it was all that important then they almost certainly hadn't.

If you are eligible, which I imagine you will be, you may claim Supplementary Benefit during the interim."

It said,"I'm probably saying more than I should, but as I'm giving you the information without you asking for It, I don't think it's covered by the rules.

Or was it?

I tell the truth, honest I do!"one was shouting, and it and a few others tugged at the lower edges of the few furs he still had on and pulling on his under-breeches where they appeared out of the top of his boots.

That was what he'd dropped, wasn't it?

Now, we don't think he's going to press charges, but you must realise that if he did you would in fact be facing a charge of assault, and coming as this does on top of your other verbal and written warnings —all within, I'm  afraid to say, Steve, "Mr Smith sat back in his seat with a sigh and flicked through a few more of the papers on his desk, shaking his head at them," a very short interval of time considering the length of your employment with us, and all regarding previous lapses in…"

Of course, he had known they would use the Microwave Gun on him; they always did when he was up in front of somebody, whenever he was at a disadvantage anyway and needed all the help he could get, whenever he was going for an interview for a job, or being asked things by the Social security people or even clerks in the Post Office.

Now, we don't think he's going to press charges, but you must realise that if he did you would in fact be facing a charge of assault, and coming as this does on top of your other verbal and written warnings —all within, I'm  afraid to say, Steve, "Mr Smith sat back in his seat with a sigh and flicked through a few more of the papers on his desk, shaking his head at them," a very short interval of time considering the length of your employment with us, and all regarding previous lapses in…"

I told them if we didn't get more light and heat up here soon I'd tear a few more of them apart, but after that they only started acting all stupid, and anyway they'll soon forget; they always do."

It hadn't been much of a job after all; he had thought at first from the sound of it that it might mean travel, but it didn't.

He hadn't wanted to sign anything, but they had said they wouldn't give him any money unless he did, so he'd pretended to read the papers carefully and then signed them.

Don't tell me I couldn't; I'm stronger than you know!"

I've said it before you did!

Ajayi raised her eyebrows, waiting for the man to look at her, but he did not; he simply sat, torso perched forward, one elbow on his knee, hairy chin in one hand.

There was only one day, wasn't there, or did they have days here but they were just very long?

Mr Grout, but the rules are that if you do then you have to"

Not just now, perhaps, but I am, I certainly am.

Mr Grout, but the rules are that if you do then you have to"

Not just now, perhaps, but I am, I certainly am.

"I certainly did.

Ordinary heat didn't itch the way microwave heat did.

 "I didn't say it was your fault, did I?" 

 "You wouldn't get the wrong idea if I asked you to put that light out, would you?" she asked.

"Well, I do.

 "I won't." 

"No, you can't, can you?

Because I'm not here because I want to be, that's why.

"No, you can't, can you?

I'm my own man and that's very important in these times, even if you haven't had the problems I've had, and you haven't, because that's perfectly obvious, you're sitting there and asking me the questions.

 "I didn't find out her name," Grout waved one hand dismissively,"Well you didn't get very far with her either, did you?

 "Of course I have," he said.

He tried to imagine drawing such a scene, but couldn't.

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

He watched to see if they would look over at him and Slater, but they didn't.

Time would have to drag on a lot longer than it had.

She thought Quiss had too but he didn't want to admit it to himself.

‘It is.’

But don't stop smiling, or so will I.’

‘You do have them, don't you?

He just does.’

It was the disconcerting sort of grip that suggested that the gripper could grip a whole lot harder, if he wanted to.

That's what he didn't, the water here.

A flash of precognition told him that the box would be able to swim faster than he could.

‘Hey, just hold that smile, will you?’

Even Rincewind did not.

It has been remarked before that those who are sensitive to radiations in the far octarine — the eighth colour, the pigment of the Imagination — can see things that others cannot.

‘I can,’ said Rincewind defiantly.

You do have some, don't you?

I certainly intended to,’ said the dead man.

‘But how does it?

‘You'd be Twoflower, wouldn't you?

At least, I think it is.

‘You mean you can't.’

‘Of course he won't!’ boomed an expansive voice behind him.

‘Didn't you?’ he said.

‘Just go away, will you?’ said the rider.

He hoped he couldn't.

The words of the Spell picked just that moment to surface from the depths of his mind, as they always did in time of crisis.

‘I expect you know what this is, don't you?’

‘You are.’

The coins quietened the men's agitation in the way that gold can, and Rincewind was amazed to find, half a minute later, that he was holding a little glass portrait of Twoflower wielding a huge notched sword and smiling as though all his dreams had come true.

If you wanted pink you shouldn't of took all those pictures of young ladies, should you?

‘We have, have we?’ said Ymor.

Twoflower wondered why he had thought of the phrase ‘a sliver of a scream’…and began to wish he hadn't.

‘He usually does.

I'LL GET YOU YET, CULLY, said Death, in the voice like the slamming of leaden coffin lids, SEE IF I DON'T.

Not that I hope it does.

‘We have, have we?’ said Ymor.

‘Had.’

Do you not know that what you belittle by the name tree is but the mere four-dimensional analogue of a whole multidimensional universe which — no, I can see you do not.

I would, he added mentally — if I hadn't seen what the Luggage does to prying fingers.

‘It is, it is,’ snapped Greicha's disembodied voice.

I will!

‘It is, it is,’ snapped Greicha's disembodied voice.

They wouldn't.

You can't.

‘I can't?’ he said.

So did the fourth.

Coming as it did from such a family — not only from Lazarus' and Lyon's own strenuous devotions to their faith, in which names are of the greatest significance, but also from that of Solomon Klinitsky-Klein, his maternal grandfather and his very similar tradition.

‘All hell rules over the man who is angry,’ says the Talmud, and by September 1939, when Leonard was beginning to come to terms with the thresholds of life's reality, hell was ruling the world, or at least appeared to be.

‘Just follow your little heart,’ she commented; as she ever did in matters of important self-expression.)

Coming as it did from such a family — not only from Lazarus' and Lyon's own strenuous devotions to their faith, in which names are of the greatest significance, but also from that of Solomon Klinitsky-Klein, his maternal grandfather and his very similar tradition.

‘All hell rules over the man who is angry,’ says the Talmud, and by September 1939, when Leonard was beginning to come to terms with the thresholds of life's reality, hell was ruling the world, or at least appeared to be.

Leonard was fortunate to come to it when he did, for he was able to enter into the fruits and the confidence born of it, as well as classical English literature.

We do.

The choices are both a reflection of his inner confusion, and a statement of his determination to let his curiosity run wherever it would -and that long before ‘mixed’ courses were popular.

And his third year First Class results (known at McGill as ‘Great Distinction’) in English demonstrate where his heart truly lay, as did his obtaining the coveted Chester Macnaughton Prize for ‘Creative Writing’ in 1955; as well as the Peterson Memorial Prize in literature.

Layton described the four things which stand out in Leonard, which give him the confidence to work as he does, and promote his work: The strong tradition of learning; the business entrepreneurship of his family; the broad philanthropy/charity which hall-marked it; and, lastly, the self-awareness that comes from being a Cohen — not understood as class-distinction, but from the high symbolism of ‘the priest and his role.’

Moreover, he is angry that the rest of us — including the so-called caring brotherhood of World Federalists and Communists — do not.

But could he have been?

The first lines gripped him; as did the next verse; and then the whole poem.

A.M. Klein, a Jewish Montreal poet of considerable skill understood the matter, as Woodcock could not:

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

Ginsberg's Howl actually came out while Leonard was there, doing for the fifties and sixties generation what Eliot's The Waste Land did for the twenties and thirties, and not least Ginsberg's ‘A Supermarket In California’, in which he questioned Lorca's lonely habits; as did Lawrence Ferlinghetti's Picture Of The Gone World .

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

A more powerful figure it would not be possible to evoke from one of Leonard's background, for it captures a significance which the kite could not: that man is only one of many free creatures, subject with them all to a higher power and influence.

In essence his message was very simple, as the products of such geniuses tend to be.

But she would never forget the very different lifestyle of her early years — she was 20 when they emigrated; the veneration of her father and her father's father, the gross insecurity under which they lived; the ever-present threat of injury and loss, and the belittling malice; experiences which moulded and coloured her whole existence, as did her knowledge of Polish, Russian and Yiddish.

Nathan Cohen was one of them, and he had just cause to fear the upturn of the events, as did his younger brother, Horace.

His humour constantly breaks through in asides and anecdotes, as does a delightful and mastering smile that transforms his face like Aegean sunlight on a frowning sea.

‘I could get anyone under the spell,’ he says, adding that he had hypnotised their maid (as Breavman had in The Favourite Game ) and feared that he had driven her insane by it!

By the time the first sharp feelings of his loss had begun to wear off -it would be very many years before all of it did so, and arguable that it ever did — other voices were beckoning.

RELATIONSHIP TO CAMP STAFF: He is well liked by the entire staff and they enjoy his company just as he does theirs.

It went well, as did the second and the third lessons.

The daughter, apparently, had no feelings; she did not come into the picture, as elder sisters frequently do not.

It sounds like a soap opera but so does any tragedy (!) that happens to real people.

Leonard's poem, ‘Out Of The Land Of Heaven’ majestically captures that noble spirit, as it does the depth and beauty of human love and the song to which it gives birth.

It is typical of him to assert, as Judaism does roundly, that all work is honourable; and deny that the reliance on special work and destiny (‘God's work’) elevates a man per se .

In the meantime we may note that, right or wrong, balanced or not, Leonard spoke from the heart — as did the prophets of old; the sell-out qualities of the book demonstrated the need, as well as his astuteness in compiling his selection.

Somehow his feelings became detached from the critical procedures (not that he does not handle and assess his own work critically, which he does).

However, this seems to be a red herring, since the standard Buck topology uses a pair of inductors (though not coupled) and a single transistor switch just as the Cuk topology does, but need no other energy coupling device.

Since a perfectly symmetric waveform foes not contain even harmonics and an asymmetric one does, a possible technique would be to isolate the even harmonics as the usable signal.

They need to be.

The East and West African cables for example had to cross Portuguese territory, as did the South America cable which used the island of Madeira as a way-station.

Somehow Beethoven did, though it was not, one feels, a reading he would have approved.

It seems a fair bet that Joe Public finds it as hard to feel sorry for rodents as Winston Smith did, and though these lobotomised specimens were of the cuter white kind, it was possibly to watch this sequence without feeling many qualms.

I'll see that he doesn't.

She didn't go to the inquest but Alex did, although he never told her what happened there.

She remembered Elizabeth saying in the first weeks of her engagement to Alex, ‘Do you know, you're a rather intimidating couple?’ and she had been tempted to reply, ‘Oh, we are, we are.’

He is.

He had liked her, respected her, had always been at ease in her company, but he had never thought that he really knew her, and now he never would.

‘You could if you wanted to.

‘Yes, I think that I am.

It won't be just the three of us, will it?

The question did not appear to surprise her but it did surprise him, as did the very fact that they were walking so companionably together.

She said: ‘Well, why don't you?

‘You could if you wanted to.

He said: ‘If he doesn't select and stalk his victim, and obviously he didn't in the last three cases, he'd normally have to expect a long wait.

His newborn son's face he could still recall vividly and sometimes did in his dreams, that white unsullied look of sweet knowledgeable contentment, as if , in a brief moment of life, he had seen and known all there was to know, seen it and rejected it.

Ma-in-law didn't like the idea of her being in Norfolk with the Whistler on the prowl, not with me working the hours I do.’

‘It looks as if the Whistler's getting closer, doesn't it, in more ways than one.’

Rickards didn't want it to become public knowledge and it won't.

Alex Mair was beginning to say that he, of course, would drive her but Meg extricated herself clumsily from her chair and said, a little too eagerly: ‘I'd be grateful if you would.

‘Completely fortuitous, I should say, wouldn't you?

Even if they had, I wouldn't have remembered the name.

And this issue he had been hard put to it to find a couple of intelligent letters for the correspondence page; sometimes it seemed that every crackbrain in north-east Norfolk read the PANUP newsletter but that no one else did.

Or I will if you're too scared.‘

‘Could be either, couldn't it?

You could read about Him if you wanted to.

You didn't like it any more than I did.

He doesn't, but you do.

And by the end you know everything, or think you do.

Rickards said: ‘You'd think so, wouldn't you.’

He doesn't, but you do.

She was strangled all right, or I suppose she was.

‘Oh, I didn't mention that, did I?

In theory he supposed he could organize PANUP from anywhere in the UK, but he knew that it was irrevocably bound to Larksoken headland, to the caravan, to that concrete mass five miles to the north which had power, apparently, to dominate his will as it did his imagination.

Soon after she arrived at the caravan he had said: ‘I'm vegetarian but I don't expect you to be, or Timmy.’

They never do.’

You'd feel that you had to.

And yes, I did make gingerbread men with currants for their eyes, didn't you?’

The door at Martyr's Cottage stood open as it often did in sunny weather, and she called out to Alice before, in response to her answering voice, moving down the corridor to the kitchen.

Already he had half decided that it had to be.

It wasn't important to her, or if it was, she had decided to drop it, at least for now.

I mean, it's no secret, is it?’

‘Then someone else did, one of the regulars in the Local Hero, maybe.

‘You did.’

‘Well, with you gone I could go to the DHSS, couldn't I?

Bloody hell it won't.

‘I don't.

If men want to they usually do.’

If men want to they usually do.’

Of course she would.

‘Well, you would, wouldn't you?

‘Well, you would, wouldn't you?

That means he doesn't really want to.

‘No, I don't.

The press got hold of it somehow, as they usually do, but there's nothing official yet.

Mair said calmly: The answer is that it hasn't; the publicity was premature.

‘No, he doesn't.

‘Yes, I think I would, but I'm not a moral philosopher.’

I know I should have been.

I suppose I have.

‘Of course you would.

‘Oh, I did, I did!

And I thought you felt as I did, that it was impossible for you to have a child.’

‘Oh, I did, I did!

Is it?’

‘This is what it's all about, isn't it?

If he hasn't, then nothing does.’

If he hasn't, then nothing does.’

How could I?

It was the first time they had met although he had known of her existence as he had of all the handful of people who lived, as the Lydsett villagers said, ‘t'other side of the gate’.

But why the hell should he?

If, with the new job, he moved back to London she wouldn't follow him, and nor, she knew, would he expect her to.

She remembered Elizabeth saying in the first weeks of her engagement to Alex, ‘Do you know, you're a rather intimidating couple?’ and she had been tempted to reply, ‘Oh, we are, we are.’

Firmly replacing the lid he marvelled, as he always did, at the difference one girl and an eighteen-month-old baby could make to the volume of household waste.

It was a disagreeable story and coming as it did after the impact of the portrait it provoked in Dalgliesh a mixture of depression and foreboding which he tried to shake off as irrational.

‘You didn't know I could do it, did you?’

Sometimes she saw the three of them as expatriates, stranded in some remote colony, obstinately adhering to old customs, a lost way of life, as they did to old forms of worship.

If your father agrees, would you like to come and help with the table like you did last month?’

He said: ‘Presumably he knows that and he'll get out when he can, but it won't be easy.

The party  divisions between leading reformers such as Lloyd George, Mosley and Macmillan also hindered co-operation, as did personal hostility within political parties (on all occasions between Mosley and Ernest Bevin in the Labour movement and intermittently between Lloyd George and Keynes in the Liberals).

But this time I did.

I have to hand it to myself, I really do.

That worked out really well, didn't it?

I haven't suddenly become incredibly witty and good-looking — you'd have noticed, wouldn't you?— or a high-flier with a huge family that takes Gillian into its bosom.

But perhaps someone did — does — fancy Mme Wyatt.

People never did.

Every time I looked in the mirror — and I can be a very careful driver if I want to be — I saw the languid bride with shuttered eyes and hair adrift.

I know you don't — you've told me that before.

I never thought I could work with someone like Oliver there, but I can.

I read in the paper this morning that if you smoke you're less likely to develop Alzheimer's disease than if you don't.

But he doesn't, and I'm less and less convinced I'd react like that if he did.

Why do they go on the way they do, making a huge fuss about little things and then ignoring what ought to be much more important?

You don't?

We spent a long time on the sofa that evening, and I would have stayed the night if he'd asked me but he didn't.

Or rather, I do.

Stuart's been bleating on about how I changed my name, hasn't he?

I really don't.

The show went off as well as these things do.

Anyway, you can't go through the whole of your life being called Nigel , can you?

It doesn't happen very often, of course, which makes it all the more satisfying when it does.

Perhaps if she had, things would have been different, I don't know.

Did I marry Stuart because I thought he wouldn't let me down the way my father had?

You can't say that, can you?

First he told them to lay off me, and when they sneered and said what would happen if they didn't, he merely replied, ‘A series of inexplicable misfortunes.’

And everyone has to have an answer, don't they?

We stayed friends even though he went to university and I didn't, even though he went off to Nineveh and Distant Ophir and I didn't, even though I went into the Bank and had a steady job while he flitted from one bit of temporary work to another and eventually ended up teaching English as a foreign language in a side street off the Edgware Road.

Well that's a perfectly good monicker up to the age of about nine, but pretty soon you'd have to do something about it, wouldn't you?

Stuart In a way it's a surprise that the Edwardian has survived, but I'm rather pleased it has.

We stayed friends even though he went to university and I didn't, even though he went off to Nineveh and Distant Ophir and I didn't, even though I went into the Bank and had a steady job while he flitted from one bit of temporary work to another and eventually ended up teaching English as a foreign language in a side street off the Edgware Road.

And sometimes sooner than I do.

Well, maybe ‘blossom’ is an exaggeration, but I told Gillian one or two of Oliver's jokes, and we talked about being apprehensive over coming to the group, and then it emerged that she was half-French, and I had something to say about that, and the estate agent tried to bring in Germany but we weren't having any of it, and before I knew where I was I had half-turned my shoulder to exclude the other chap and was saying, ‘Look, I know you've only more or less just arrived, but you wouldn't like a spot of supper would you?

Half the world seems to have confidence and half the world doesn't, and I don't know how you make the jump from one half to the other.

But he doesn't, and I'm less and less convinced I'd react like that if he did.

Perhaps you do.

It is, oh it is.

It is, oh it is.

You will help spread the word, won't you?

No, I didn't think you would.

I said I did.

I never intended to.

We both have.’

‘You don't…

Maybe what I did was an act of complicity, or looked as if it could have been.

‘You don't…’

Everyone does.

I've got to.’

‘Oh, but I will.

So when I next got Oliver alone, I said to him quietly, ‘Look, you can tell me, you didn't resign, did you?’

And I did.

He didn't; instead, he sorted them out in two weeks flat.

No I don't.

And when I did I found I couldn't concentrate on my work at all.

I'm very glad I did.

I just suspect she'd want me to.

‘I don't either,’ I finally said.

The old Oliver wouldn't have had any…trouble like that, and if he did he'd just have danced away from it.

A lot of that sarcasm is just bravado, and if I can put up with his teasing, can't you?

I had a friend — well, I still do, it's just that we're temporarily out of touch — called Alison.

So he got wetter than I did.

Nothing she said, just a way she has of slightly turning and doing something else and not replying as quickly as she might.

You did?

There we stood, side by side at those hip-high porcelain  scoops, each staring grimly ahead at some Mexican firing-squad in the way that Englishmen do, neither dropping his gaze for a squint at the other's tackle.

But now I instinctively thought, Oh no you didn't Ollie, you didn't resign, you got sacked.

I suppose it's something to do with me being happy, being married, knowing where I am: I can see things more clearly now than I used to.

It didn't need much concentration, and all through the morning I kept getting interrupted by the thought of Oliver standing there not being able to say anything, and then practically shouting what he did.

But I do.

I do, I do!)

I do, I do!)

He can be really clever when he wants to be.

I didn't go to university, Nigel did.

Probably not very much, no reason why you should.

I suppose it was because we know he's been highly-strung lately — his peculiar behaviour at the airport, for a start — that it took longer than it should have done for me to think over properly what had happened.

Sorry, absolutely no reason why you should.

But one is forced, upon contemplating Stuart, to conclude that if he is not currently d'un certain âge , he nevertheless might as well be.

Having Oliver with us helped, I'm sure it did.

You don't mind if I do?

While Hazel gazed, the wind slowly veered round into the west, as Cowslip had said it would, and brought the rain driving into the mouth of the hole.

They did not talk for talking's sake, in the artificial manner that human beings — and sometimes even their dogs and cats — do.

But they didn't.

A lot of the burrows are lying empty, you know: rats live in one part, but the man kills them as well, when he can.

But if you cross a river you start going up again, don't you?

In fact, I think you'll have to."

"Yes, of course it would.

But a few survived, as they always do.

You know that, don't you?"

 "Perhaps we have," said Bigwig.

 "I'm sure you do," said Cowslip, looking round at the  mudstained, bedraggled rabbits with an air of being too polite to comment.

"If he's not honest, he'll know we're afraid to come and if he is, he'll think we're suspicious, cowardly skulkers.

He pulled out a burnet leaf and ate it slowly, concealing his fear as best he could; for all his instincts were warning him of the dangers in the unknown country beyond the warren.

I'll be as quick as I can and you'll have to hope for the best until I get back.

They had no Chief Rabbit — no, how could they?— for a Chief Rabbit must be El-ahrairah to his warren and keep them from death: and here there was no death but one, and what Chief Rabbit could have an answer to that?

"So are all of us.

 "So he darned well ought to be," replied Bigwig, "the great dandy" for by their standards, Strawberry was scrupulously clean and fastidious.

"Well, you didn't get Fiver into it, did you?

 "They put that stuff there and then the hrududil run on it — faster than we can; and what else can run faster than we?" 

 "I don't think Pipkin's got any idea what really happened; but I have." 

Bigwig was racing back across the field, looking more agitated than he had at any time since the encounter with Captain Holly.

We supposed you would.

But then, if a lot of rabbits were afraid of some newcomers and wanted to deceive them — get them down a hole and attack them — they'd start — wouldn't they?— by sending someone who was plausible.

 "Well, there's no need to do any serious digging, is there?" said Bigwig.

Or I'll try to.

If he was terrified, why did he not run for safety, as any sensible rabbit would?

"It'll come there — don't think it won't!

 "I don't think we can," said Silver.

Now that I've learnt about it, I want to get away from it as soon as I can."

They won't leave me behind, will they?"

 "You saved Pipkin and me, didn't you?" he said.

Anyway, the others ought to know what we're doing and they won't unless you go and tell them.

But she has gone; and they fly pell-mell up the hedgerow, frisking, chattering and perching where they will.

The day I call you Chief Rabbit, Hazel, that'll be the day, that will!

 "If I don't," he thought, "they'll very likely tear me to bits: and much good may it do them." 

 "Do you really think we will?" asked Dandelion.

 "Your brother," said the Threarah, with the faintest suggestion of "Don't correct me any more, will you?" in his voice.

Of course I did.

And they will be — don't make any mistake about that."

You can't.

"Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would.

"Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would.

I hope I am.

Suddenly it came to Hazel that if Bigwig was dead — and what else could hold him silent in the mud?— then he himself must get the others away before the dreadful loss could drain their courage and break their spirit — as it would if they stayed by the body.

But I have heard that that scoundrel El-ahrairah means to come and steal them if he can.

No, why should you?

This, you understand, is to put the matter for you in simple terms, insofar as I can.

And he did all he could to make the food bad, except what he ate himself.

"You can't force them to like it if they don't.

 "Bigwig just spoke," he said to him,"but I don't think he can now.

"But, Hazel, you didn't really think the Chief Rabbit would act on your advice, did you?

Bigwig, just wait a moment, will you?"

And you want to know whether I did?

"You didn't know about the road, did you?

What we need is to find a safe place soon, and I'd rather succeed in doing what we can than fail to do what we can't."

What we need is to find a safe place soon, and I'd rather succeed in doing what we can than fail to do what we can't."

You know we all do, when we can.

You know we all do, when we can.

You really have to believe in El-ahrairah and Prince Rainbow, don't you?

You know that, don't you?"

 "Well, whether he has or not," said Hazel,"we can't go on looking for him.

 "Yes, I have," said Hawkbit.

I know I am.

If you are, I'll come with you."

 "Yes, we did," said Hazel.

 "You notice a lot, don't you, Hlao-roo?" said Hazel.

"You could hardly expect my people, weak and hungry as they are, to carry them all the way from King Darzin's garden.

Like all wild animals, rabbits can swim if they have to: and some even swim when it suits them.

 "That'll give some of them a surprise, won't it?" 

 "So could I," said Dandelion.

I just wanted to know whether you did.

Now that Hazel thought about it, he had not.

 "You've got some weight coming and that's more than I shall ever have." 

If you don't, we can easily teach you."

 "You heard me, didn't you?" 

If you can't find one, no one can."

Bigwig and Buckthorn smelt of blood and everyone else knew they did.

Hazel and the others followed as best they could, with Pipkin limping and staggering behind, his fear driving him on in spite of the pain in his paw.

She'll cut my head off, I know she will!

The Rabbit jumped wildly, dropped the gloves and the fan, and hurried away as fast as he could.

And she was.

‘No, I didn't!’ said the Knave loudly.

‘Well, yes, I do, but I don't steal them,’ explained Alice quickly.

(And he didn't — because he was made of paper.)

‘But you eat eggs, don't you?’

‘I won't!’ said Alice.

You can't…’

‘I do,’ Alice said quickly.

‘I prefer not to,’ said the Cat.

You can't swim, can you?’ he said to the Knave.

It was the same in all the other areas of my life; removed from the need to protect myself against the horrors of enhanced eidesis, I began to live as others did, blithely and unconsciously.

‘Yeah, I live near Saltdean, always have.’

Now, of course, I wish I had.

‘But, Mr Broadhurst, sir, all these things that I do and think, they're just habits, aren't they?

I mean everyone does these things, don't they?’

No, I'd love to.

After twenty minutes or so with the list broker you start to see the world as he does.

You'll not be like him, will you?’

Try as I might to be in the present, to subsume myself to history, to see myself as just another corpuscle coursing along the urban arteries, I couldn't.

Try as I might to be in the present, to subsume myself to history, to see myself as just another corpuscle coursing along the urban arteries, I couldn't.

It was whilst working my way through this, often writing in the column headings for several pages in advance to give myself the illusion that I had completed more than I actually had, that two important suspicions that had lain dormant for some time rose up and took on the aspect of horribly credible hypotheses.

But although he was terse, he didn't rage at me the way I expected him to.

‘Ah yes, Ian, but he has to me, he has to me.’

‘Ah yes, Ian, but he has to me, he has to me.’

‘It's just…it's just…that I don't have many friends and I do feel sort of isolated, I s'pose —’ I pulled up short, I was trespassing on forbidden ground, getting close to revealing more than I should.

You'll be sucked up and seduced by the beau monde, I know you will.’

But be that as it may, he no longer moved with the calculated languor that I remembered.

Of course, I know that you can.

Be that as it may, I perceive in your decision to purchase these shorts — you did purchase these shorts, didn't you?’

The rebuttal had done her no good whatsoever, her face was going blotchy, but she mustered all the sang-froid she could and continued, ‘Since you refuse to be civil I shall not moderate my criticism.

He knew I could, he was toying with me.

I couldn't.

‘But if you think you can — do.’

‘But if you think you can — do.’

All in good time you will have a bed partner and let me tell you, you will care for her far more than you ever could for this one.

‘I'm not surprised,’ said my therapist, ‘for nor can I.’

‘I-I, I can't seem to.

‘I want you to recall the label of said underpants, summon it up as fully as you possibly can.

would, for you cannot but do otherwise.

I don't…

‘Be that as it may, perhaps he would like to know that you have completely disrupted our meal.

Be that as it may, I perceive in your decision to purchase these shorts — you did purchase these shorts, didn't you?’

Of course you don't, I will perforce have to demonstrate.’

Be that as it may, I shall be philosophic if you prove unworthy of this not inconsiderable investment — I can always write it off as a little deficit financing — but if you wish to continue with our relationship you must be prepared to place some real trust in me.

‘I'd — I'd love to,’ I said.

‘I'd — I'd love to,’ I said.

‘Oh yes, it is,’ he said with heavy emphasis.

‘Well, there are and what I would like to propose to you is this, that you allow me to do these tests on you.

Wouldn't ye agree, lad, wouldn't ye?’

‘I am,’ I replied quaveringly.

‘Of course you do; Tim Hargreaves told me that you are an exceptional student.

You'd like to fiddle with the buttons of reality as he does, feel it up without remorse, without the sense that you have betrayed some shadowy commitment.

Why should they?

Sometimes it seems that way, doesn't it?

Now did you?

It couldn't be true, could it?

Nonetheless, you do still have some vanity, don't you?

‘Come off it, you do consistently well in all your modules — I've had a word with your course tutor — and as you've been continually assessed, you couldn't flunk now even if you wanted to.

‘Did you enjoy the piece?’ he asked, and before I could answer he went on, ‘I myself did not.

I came to be capable-as he had said I would — of the most beautifully consistent combinations of apprehensions with little twistles of kinaesthetic intimation.

If I strained I could see the world as others did, stereoscopically, but if I relaxed binocular vision would ensue, and while one ‘eye’ would remain focused, the other would slide away into the clouded periphery where The Fat Controller and his machinations held sway.

You know we did.

Didn't we have fun, well, didn't we?

I doubt it, because it is inconceivable, just as you cannot imagine what it would be like to be blind from birth and then gifted with sight (but of course I can).

Oh no I won't!’

All these people —’ he gestured wildly with a carpet roll of arm —‘they imagine that they perceive what is really there but they don't.

‘You do.

You'd like to get a little tiddly, wouldn't you?

ROS: Perhaps he did.

ROS: I must have!

GUIL: We got his symptoms, didn't we?

HAMLET:…for you yourself, sir, should be as old as I am if like a crab you could go backward.

GUIL: And when it isn't he can't.

ROS: Which he never could.

GUIL: Even if he could.

You can feel, can't you?

GUIL: Yes you did.

That can't be south, can it?

GUIL: And when it isn't he can't.

GUIL: You can still think, can't you?

A spectacular vindication of the principle that each individual coin spun individually (He spins one) is as likely to come down heads as tails and therefore should cause no surprise each individual time it does.

(It does.

If we postulate, and we just have, that within un-, sub- or supernatural forces the probability is that the law of probability will not operate as a factor, then we must accept that the probability of the first part will not operate as a factor, in which case the law of probability will operate as a factor within un-, sub- or supernatural forces.

And always have had.

That would be stupid, wouldn't it?

I know you, don't I?

PLAYER: You're wrong — they do!

PLAYER:(Gaily freeing himself) I did!— I did!— You're quicker than your friend…

ROS:(Cutting his fingernails) Another curious scientific phenomenon is the fact that the fingernails grow after death, as does the beard.

We are.

There's more money in that, is there?

But it's this, is it?

PLAYER:(Gaily freeing himself) I did!— I did!— You're quicker than your friend…

Because you'd be helpless, wouldn't you?

I mean, you'd never know you were in a box, would you?

I mean one thinks of it like being alive in a box, one keeps forgetting to take into account the fact that one is dead…which should make a difference…shouldn't it?

ROS: They had it in for us, didn't they?

PLAYER: Or we are as far as he is.

PLAYER: Or we are as far as he is.

GUIL: You did, the trouble is, each of them is…plausible, without being instinctive.

GUIL: I looked just as ridiculous as you did.

PLAYER: Who does, nowadays?

GUIL: If he didn't talk sense, which he does.

I was beginning to think it was.

I won — didn't I?

I mean I would, but you wouldn't…

I mean I would, but you wouldn't…

GUIL: Well, it would.

GUIL: I could see I had.

GUIL: Exactly, it's a matter of asking the right questions and giving away as little as we can.

(They do.)

So the Bishop of Liege dies fifteen years before he should: does this invalidate Quentin Durward ?

Should I have?

No, you don't: for the simple reason that I suppressed it a few pages ago.

Try as they might, those advertisers are always beaten down by the form; they are forced — even at the one time they need to be candidly personal — into an unwished impersonality.

If they did, they would probably taste of diesel and detergent.

And yet he said, when I expressed my feelings to him in public(I am not ashamed of love — why should I be?

‘Jean doesn't give a damn about that sort of thing,’ he growled, ‘and nor do I.’

I can imagine village priests delivering sermons on the Devil's invention and being mocked for it; but if they did, they were right.)

She slept less that night than Gustave and Louise did.

Then you should.

I suspect they do, and women, with the logic of flattery, remember to exclaim at the transporting moment, ‘Oh, I die!

I could see the banality of that; though of course he couldn't.

But I do not wish to.

He believed not merely that others should write as he did, but that others should live as he did.

No, he didn't.

Slip your fingers down my forearm, if you want to; yes, there, now feel the pulse.

He believed not merely that others should write as he did, but that others should live as he did.

Even so, it did strike me as peculiar that someone who lived by French literature should be so calamitously inadequate at making the basic words of the language sound as they did when her subjects, her heroes (her paymasters, too, you could say) first pronounced them.

What he wanted, of course, was for me to write as much like he did as I possibly could.

Flaubert does not build up his characters, as did Balzac, by objective, external description; in fact, so careless is he of their outward appearance that on one occasion he gives Emma brown eyes (14); on another deep black eyes (15); and on another blue eyes (16).

They believe that everyone should write as they do: not as well as they do, of course, but in the same fashion.

They believe that everyone should write as they do: not as well as they do, of course, but in the same fashion.

The correct word, the true phrase, the perfect sentence are always ‘out there’ somewhere; the writer's task is to locate them by whatever means he can.

Why should I ?

‘Flaubert does not build up his characters, as did Balzac, by objective, external description; in fact, so careless is he of their outward appearance that…’ it would be interesting to compare the time spent by Flaubert making sure that his heroine had the rare and difficult eyes of a tragic adulteress with the time spent by Dr Starkie in carelessly selling him short.

At thirty he muses — as he did throughout his life — on his own previous incarnations, on his apocryphal or metempsychotic lives in the more interesting times of Louis XIV, Nero and Pericles.

’ The list, which is by Roland Barthes, continues, as lists do.

You expect something from me too, don't you?

You won't forget about the cheese, will you?

That's the real distinction between people: not between those who have secrets and those who don't, but between those who want to know everything and those who don't.

Why should they be?

Oh no, I'm sure he didn't: sound fellow, good chap.

He says he did, but that was boastful invention: Bouilhet asked for salacities from Cairo, and Flaubert provided them.

Well, you know I've got brown eyes; make of that what you will.

’ But he didn't, of course; because she got it wrong.

There ought to be.

He could; he doesn't.

That's the real distinction between people: not between those who have secrets and those who don't, but between those who want to know everything and those who don't.

He feels as much sympathy for these victims as he does for slaves who died centuries earlier turning some tyrant's grindstone.

Well, to some extent we do: who would deny that?

What educated French writer doesn't?

One is that the writer chooses — as far as he can — the extent of what you call his involvement in life: despite his reputation, Flaubert occupied a half-and-half position.

It makes a fine scene, does it not?

The best life for a writer is the life which helps him write the best books he can.

He could; he doesn't.

 "No," Quiss said, shaking the attendant roughly so that the crownless brim round its cowl fell off, "I," he shook it again, sending the thing's hood flying off its head and revealing the smooth  continuation of the mask over the creature's skull, so that its little arms waggled trying to put the hood back on again as Quiss finished, "didn't." 

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

 "I don't —" he began, cleared his throat,"I don't usually dance all that much.

The room seemed darker now, and smaller than it had.

I'm not getting the practice I should, though.

She stopped talking then, as though she thought she had already said more than she should have.

 "The engineers are working as fast as they can." 

Quiss experienced the tiniest moment of fear, then savage anger, and was about to go down fighting —take as many of the little bastards with him as he could —when he realised that they were bowing and wringing their hands and making apologetic noises, not howling angry ones.

Unless you want to be.

 "You do?" the scullion said brightly, sitting up.

 "I don't!" came the yelped reply.

looked down at her feet as she walked, finally admitted, a little ashamedly, that it was all true; "I was wild," she agreed in her slow, low voice, nodding, Graham felt a sort of ache then, as he had when Slater first told him; he wanted to have known her then, to have been a part of her life during that time.

 "No, I didn't." 

 "Yes, you did!" 

He considered buying a cake to eat, but while he was thinking about it he kept on walking, and thought it would look stupid to turn back so far up the street, so he didn't, though at the thought his stomach suddenly rumbled.

"Yes you are.

They always do."

I know what the score is, like they say, I may be thirty-sev—thirty-eight, but I'm "switched on" all right —thirty-eight ge, and I know everything isn't "hunky-dory" the way people think it is.

 "Do" 

If it was all that important then they almost certainly hadn't.

If you are eligible, which I imagine you will be, you may claim Supplementary Benefit during the interim."

It said,"I'm probably saying more than I should, but as I'm giving you the information without you asking for It, I don't think it's covered by the rules.

Or was it?

I tell the truth, honest I do!"one was shouting, and it and a few others tugged at the lower edges of the few furs he still had on and pulling on his under-breeches where they appeared out of the top of his boots.

That was what he'd dropped, wasn't it?

Now, we don't think he's going to press charges, but you must realise that if he did you would in fact be facing a charge of assault, and coming as this does on top of your other verbal and written warnings —all within, I'm  afraid to say, Steve, "Mr Smith sat back in his seat with a sigh and flicked through a few more of the papers on his desk, shaking his head at them," a very short interval of time considering the length of your employment with us, and all regarding previous lapses in…"

Of course, he had known they would use the Microwave Gun on him; they always did when he was up in front of somebody, whenever he was at a disadvantage anyway and needed all the help he could get, whenever he was going for an interview for a job, or being asked things by the Social security people or even clerks in the Post Office.

Now, we don't think he's going to press charges, but you must realise that if he did you would in fact be facing a charge of assault, and coming as this does on top of your other verbal and written warnings —all within, I'm  afraid to say, Steve, "Mr Smith sat back in his seat with a sigh and flicked through a few more of the papers on his desk, shaking his head at them," a very short interval of time considering the length of your employment with us, and all regarding previous lapses in…"

I told them if we didn't get more light and heat up here soon I'd tear a few more of them apart, but after that they only started acting all stupid, and anyway they'll soon forget; they always do."

It hadn't been much of a job after all; he had thought at first from the sound of it that it might mean travel, but it didn't.

He hadn't wanted to sign anything, but they had said they wouldn't give him any money unless he did, so he'd pretended to read the papers carefully and then signed them.

Don't tell me I couldn't; I'm stronger than you know!"

I've said it before you did!

Ajayi raised her eyebrows, waiting for the man to look at her, but he did not; he simply sat, torso perched forward, one elbow on his knee, hairy chin in one hand.

There was only one day, wasn't there, or did they have days here but they were just very long?

Mr Grout, but the rules are that if you do then you have to"

Not just now, perhaps, but I am, I certainly am.

Mr Grout, but the rules are that if you do then you have to"

Not just now, perhaps, but I am, I certainly am.

"I certainly did.

Ordinary heat didn't itch the way microwave heat did.

 "I didn't say it was your fault, did I?" 

 "You wouldn't get the wrong idea if I asked you to put that light out, would you?" she asked.

"Well, I do.

 "I won't." 

"No, you can't, can you?

Because I'm not here because I want to be, that's why.

"No, you can't, can you?

I'm my own man and that's very important in these times, even if you haven't had the problems I've had, and you haven't, because that's perfectly obvious, you're sitting there and asking me the questions.

 "I didn't find out her name," Grout waved one hand dismissively,"Well you didn't get very far with her either, did you?

 "Of course I have," he said.

He tried to imagine drawing such a scene, but couldn't.

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

He watched to see if they would look over at him and Slater, but they didn't.

Time would have to drag on a lot longer than it had.

She thought Quiss had too but he didn't want to admit it to himself.

‘It is.’

But don't stop smiling, or so will I.’

‘You do have them, don't you?

He just does.’

It was the disconcerting sort of grip that suggested that the gripper could grip a whole lot harder, if he wanted to.

That's what he didn't, the water here.

A flash of precognition told him that the box would be able to swim faster than he could.

‘Hey, just hold that smile, will you?’

Even Rincewind did not.

It has been remarked before that those who are sensitive to radiations in the far octarine — the eighth colour, the pigment of the Imagination — can see things that others cannot.

‘I can,’ said Rincewind defiantly.

You do have some, don't you?

I certainly intended to,’ said the dead man.

‘But how does it?

‘You'd be Twoflower, wouldn't you?

At least, I think it is.

‘You mean you can't.’

‘Of course he won't!’ boomed an expansive voice behind him.

‘Didn't you?’ he said.

‘Just go away, will you?’ said the rider.

He hoped he couldn't.

The words of the Spell picked just that moment to surface from the depths of his mind, as they always did in time of crisis.

‘I expect you know what this is, don't you?’

‘You are.’

The coins quietened the men's agitation in the way that gold can, and Rincewind was amazed to find, half a minute later, that he was holding a little glass portrait of Twoflower wielding a huge notched sword and smiling as though all his dreams had come true.

If you wanted pink you shouldn't of took all those pictures of young ladies, should you?

‘We have, have we?’ said Ymor.

Twoflower wondered why he had thought of the phrase ‘a sliver of a scream’…and began to wish he hadn't.

‘He usually does.

I'LL GET YOU YET, CULLY, said Death, in the voice like the slamming of leaden coffin lids, SEE IF I DON'T.

Not that I hope it does.

‘We have, have we?’ said Ymor.

‘Had.’

Do you not know that what you belittle by the name tree is but the mere four-dimensional analogue of a whole multidimensional universe which — no, I can see you do not.

I would, he added mentally — if I hadn't seen what the Luggage does to prying fingers.

‘It is, it is,’ snapped Greicha's disembodied voice.

I will!

‘It is, it is,’ snapped Greicha's disembodied voice.

They wouldn't.

You can't.

‘I can't?’ he said.

So did the fourth.

Coming as it did from such a family — not only from Lazarus' and Lyon's own strenuous devotions to their faith, in which names are of the greatest significance, but also from that of Solomon Klinitsky-Klein, his maternal grandfather and his very similar tradition.

‘All hell rules over the man who is angry,’ says the Talmud, and by September 1939, when Leonard was beginning to come to terms with the thresholds of life's reality, hell was ruling the world, or at least appeared to be.

Leonard was fortunate to come to it when he did, for he was able to enter into the fruits and the confidence born of it, as well as classical English literature.

We do.

The choices are both a reflection of his inner confusion, and a statement of his determination to let his curiosity run wherever it would -and that long before ‘mixed’ courses were popular.

And his third year First Class results (known at McGill as ‘Great Distinction’) in English demonstrate where his heart truly lay, as did his obtaining the coveted Chester Macnaughton Prize for ‘Creative Writing’ in 1955; as well as the Peterson Memorial Prize in literature.

Layton described the four things which stand out in Leonard, which give him the confidence to work as he does, and promote his work: The strong tradition of learning; the business entrepreneurship of his family; the broad philanthropy/charity which hall-marked it; and, lastly, the self-awareness that comes from being a Cohen — not understood as class-distinction, but from the high symbolism of ‘the priest and his role.’

Moreover, he is angry that the rest of us — including the so-called caring brotherhood of World Federalists and Communists — do not.

But could he have been?

The first lines gripped him; as did the next verse; and then the whole poem.

A.M. Klein, a Jewish Montreal poet of considerable skill understood the matter, as Woodcock could not:

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

Ginsberg's Howl actually came out while Leonard was there, doing for the fifties and sixties generation what Eliot's The Waste Land did for the twenties and thirties, and not least Ginsberg's ‘A Supermarket In California’, in which he questioned Lorca's lonely habits; as did Lawrence Ferlinghetti's Picture Of The Gone World .

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

A more powerful figure it would not be possible to evoke from one of Leonard's background, for it captures a significance which the kite could not: that man is only one of many free creatures, subject with them all to a higher power and influence.

In essence his message was very simple, as the products of such geniuses tend to be.

But she would never forget the very different lifestyle of her early years — she was 20 when they emigrated; the veneration of her father and her father's father, the gross insecurity under which they lived; the ever-present threat of injury and loss, and the belittling malice; experiences which moulded and coloured her whole existence, as did her knowledge of Polish, Russian and Yiddish.

Nathan Cohen was one of them, and he had just cause to fear the upturn of the events, as did his younger brother, Horace.

His humour constantly breaks through in asides and anecdotes, as does a delightful and mastering smile that transforms his face like Aegean sunlight on a frowning sea.

‘I could get anyone under the spell,’ he says, adding that he had hypnotised their maid (as Breavman had in The Favourite Game ) and feared that he had driven her insane by it!

By the time the first sharp feelings of his loss had begun to wear off -it would be very many years before all of it did so, and arguable that it ever did — other voices were beckoning.

RELATIONSHIP TO CAMP STAFF: He is well liked by the entire staff and they enjoy his company just as he does theirs.

It went well, as did the second and the third lessons.

The daughter, apparently, had no feelings; she did not come into the picture, as elder sisters frequently do not.

It sounds like a soap opera but so does any tragedy (!) that happens to real people.

Leonard's poem, ‘Out Of The Land Of Heaven’ majestically captures that noble spirit, as it does the depth and beauty of human love and the song to which it gives birth.

It is typical of him to assert, as Judaism does roundly, that all work is honourable; and deny that the reliance on special work and destiny (‘God's work’) elevates a man per se .

In the meantime we may note that, right or wrong, balanced or not, Leonard spoke from the heart — as did the prophets of old; the sell-out qualities of the book demonstrated the need, as well as his astuteness in compiling his selection.

Somehow his feelings became detached from the critical procedures (not that he does not handle and assess his own work critically, which he does).

However, this seems to be a red herring, since the standard Buck topology uses a pair of inductors (though not coupled) and a single transistor switch just as the Cuk topology does, but need no other energy coupling device.

Since a perfectly symmetric waveform foes not contain even harmonics and an asymmetric one does, a possible technique would be to isolate the even harmonics as the usable signal.

They need to be.

The East and West African cables for example had to cross Portuguese territory, as did the South America cable which used the island of Madeira as a way-station.

Somehow Beethoven did, though it was not, one feels, a reading he would have approved.

It seems a fair bet that Joe Public finds it as hard to feel sorry for rodents as Winston Smith did, and though these lobotomised specimens were of the cuter white kind, it was possibly to watch this sequence without feeling many qualms.

I'll see that he doesn't.

She didn't go to the inquest but Alex did, although he never told her what happened there.

She remembered Elizabeth saying in the first weeks of her engagement to Alex, ‘Do you know, you're a rather intimidating couple?’ and she had been tempted to reply, ‘Oh, we are, we are.’

He is.

He had liked her, respected her, had always been at ease in her company, but he had never thought that he really knew her, and now he never would.

‘You could if you wanted to.

‘Yes, I think that I am.

It won't be just the three of us, will it?

The question did not appear to surprise her but it did surprise him, as did the very fact that they were walking so companionably together.

She said: ‘Well, why don't you?

‘You could if you wanted to.

He said: ‘If he doesn't select and stalk his victim, and obviously he didn't in the last three cases, he'd normally have to expect a long wait.

His newborn son's face he could still recall vividly and sometimes did in his dreams, that white unsullied look of sweet knowledgeable contentment, as if , in a brief moment of life, he had seen and known all there was to know, seen it and rejected it.

Ma-in-law didn't like the idea of her being in Norfolk with the Whistler on the prowl, not with me working the hours I do.’

‘It looks as if the Whistler's getting closer, doesn't it, in more ways than one.’

Rickards didn't want it to become public knowledge and it won't.

Alex Mair was beginning to say that he, of course, would drive her but Meg extricated herself clumsily from her chair and said, a little too eagerly: ‘I'd be grateful if you would.

‘Completely fortuitous, I should say, wouldn't you?

Even if they had, I wouldn't have remembered the name.

And this issue he had been hard put to it to find a couple of intelligent letters for the correspondence page; sometimes it seemed that every crackbrain in north-east Norfolk read the PANUP newsletter but that no one else did.

Or I will if you're too scared.‘

‘Could be either, couldn't it?

You could read about Him if you wanted to.

You didn't like it any more than I did.

He doesn't, but you do.

And by the end you know everything, or think you do.

Rickards said: ‘You'd think so, wouldn't you.’

He doesn't, but you do.

She was strangled all right, or I suppose she was.

‘Oh, I didn't mention that, did I?

In theory he supposed he could organize PANUP from anywhere in the UK, but he knew that it was irrevocably bound to Larksoken headland, to the caravan, to that concrete mass five miles to the north which had power, apparently, to dominate his will as it did his imagination.

Soon after she arrived at the caravan he had said: ‘I'm vegetarian but I don't expect you to be, or Timmy.’

They never do.’

You'd feel that you had to.

And yes, I did make gingerbread men with currants for their eyes, didn't you?’

The door at Martyr's Cottage stood open as it often did in sunny weather, and she called out to Alice before, in response to her answering voice, moving down the corridor to the kitchen.

Already he had half decided that it had to be.

It wasn't important to her, or if it was, she had decided to drop it, at least for now.

I mean, it's no secret, is it?’

‘Then someone else did, one of the regulars in the Local Hero, maybe.

‘You did.’

‘Well, with you gone I could go to the DHSS, couldn't I?

Bloody hell it won't.

‘I don't.

If men want to they usually do.’

If men want to they usually do.’

Of course she would.

‘Well, you would, wouldn't you?

‘Well, you would, wouldn't you?

That means he doesn't really want to.

‘No, I don't.

The press got hold of it somehow, as they usually do, but there's nothing official yet.

Mair said calmly: The answer is that it hasn't; the publicity was premature.

‘No, he doesn't.

‘Yes, I think I would, but I'm not a moral philosopher.’

I know I should have been.

I suppose I have.

‘Of course you would.

‘Oh, I did, I did!

And I thought you felt as I did, that it was impossible for you to have a child.’

‘Oh, I did, I did!

Is it?’

‘This is what it's all about, isn't it?

If he hasn't, then nothing does.’

If he hasn't, then nothing does.’

How could I?

It was the first time they had met although he had known of her existence as he had of all the handful of people who lived, as the Lydsett villagers said, ‘t'other side of the gate’.

But why the hell should he?

If, with the new job, he moved back to London she wouldn't follow him, and nor, she knew, would he expect her to.

She remembered Elizabeth saying in the first weeks of her engagement to Alex, ‘Do you know, you're a rather intimidating couple?’ and she had been tempted to reply, ‘Oh, we are, we are.’

Firmly replacing the lid he marvelled, as he always did, at the difference one girl and an eighteen-month-old baby could make to the volume of household waste.

It was a disagreeable story and coming as it did after the impact of the portrait it provoked in Dalgliesh a mixture of depression and foreboding which he tried to shake off as irrational.

‘You didn't know I could do it, did you?’

Sometimes she saw the three of them as expatriates, stranded in some remote colony, obstinately adhering to old customs, a lost way of life, as they did to old forms of worship.

If your father agrees, would you like to come and help with the table like you did last month?’

He said: ‘Presumably he knows that and he'll get out when he can, but it won't be easy.

The party  divisions between leading reformers such as Lloyd George, Mosley and Macmillan also hindered co-operation, as did personal hostility within political parties (on all occasions between Mosley and Ernest Bevin in the Labour movement and intermittently between Lloyd George and Keynes in the Liberals).

But this time I did.

I have to hand it to myself, I really do.

That worked out really well, didn't it?

I haven't suddenly become incredibly witty and good-looking — you'd have noticed, wouldn't you?— or a high-flier with a huge family that takes Gillian into its bosom.

But perhaps someone did — does — fancy Mme Wyatt.

People never did.

Every time I looked in the mirror — and I can be a very careful driver if I want to be — I saw the languid bride with shuttered eyes and hair adrift.

I know you don't — you've told me that before.

I never thought I could work with someone like Oliver there, but I can.

I read in the paper this morning that if you smoke you're less likely to develop Alzheimer's disease than if you don't.

But he doesn't, and I'm less and less convinced I'd react like that if he did.

Why do they go on the way they do, making a huge fuss about little things and then ignoring what ought to be much more important?

You don't?

We spent a long time on the sofa that evening, and I would have stayed the night if he'd asked me but he didn't.

Or rather, I do.

Stuart's been bleating on about how I changed my name, hasn't he?

I really don't.

The show went off as well as these things do.

Anyway, you can't go through the whole of your life being called Nigel , can you?

It doesn't happen very often, of course, which makes it all the more satisfying when it does.

Perhaps if she had, things would have been different, I don't know.

Did I marry Stuart because I thought he wouldn't let me down the way my father had?

You can't say that, can you?

First he told them to lay off me, and when they sneered and said what would happen if they didn't, he merely replied, ‘A series of inexplicable misfortunes.’

And everyone has to have an answer, don't they?

We stayed friends even though he went to university and I didn't, even though he went off to Nineveh and Distant Ophir and I didn't, even though I went into the Bank and had a steady job while he flitted from one bit of temporary work to another and eventually ended up teaching English as a foreign language in a side street off the Edgware Road.

Well that's a perfectly good monicker up to the age of about nine, but pretty soon you'd have to do something about it, wouldn't you?

Stuart In a way it's a surprise that the Edwardian has survived, but I'm rather pleased it has.

We stayed friends even though he went to university and I didn't, even though he went off to Nineveh and Distant Ophir and I didn't, even though I went into the Bank and had a steady job while he flitted from one bit of temporary work to another and eventually ended up teaching English as a foreign language in a side street off the Edgware Road.

And sometimes sooner than I do.

Well, maybe ‘blossom’ is an exaggeration, but I told Gillian one or two of Oliver's jokes, and we talked about being apprehensive over coming to the group, and then it emerged that she was half-French, and I had something to say about that, and the estate agent tried to bring in Germany but we weren't having any of it, and before I knew where I was I had half-turned my shoulder to exclude the other chap and was saying, ‘Look, I know you've only more or less just arrived, but you wouldn't like a spot of supper would you?

Half the world seems to have confidence and half the world doesn't, and I don't know how you make the jump from one half to the other.

But he doesn't, and I'm less and less convinced I'd react like that if he did.

Perhaps you do.

It is, oh it is.

It is, oh it is.

You will help spread the word, won't you?

No, I didn't think you would.

I said I did.

I never intended to.

We both have.’

‘You don't…

Maybe what I did was an act of complicity, or looked as if it could have been.

‘You don't…’

Everyone does.

I've got to.’

‘Oh, but I will.

So when I next got Oliver alone, I said to him quietly, ‘Look, you can tell me, you didn't resign, did you?’

And I did.

He didn't; instead, he sorted them out in two weeks flat.

No I don't.

And when I did I found I couldn't concentrate on my work at all.

I'm very glad I did.

I just suspect she'd want me to.

‘I don't either,’ I finally said.

The old Oliver wouldn't have had any…trouble like that, and if he did he'd just have danced away from it.

A lot of that sarcasm is just bravado, and if I can put up with his teasing, can't you?

I had a friend — well, I still do, it's just that we're temporarily out of touch — called Alison.

So he got wetter than I did.

Nothing she said, just a way she has of slightly turning and doing something else and not replying as quickly as she might.

You did?

There we stood, side by side at those hip-high porcelain  scoops, each staring grimly ahead at some Mexican firing-squad in the way that Englishmen do, neither dropping his gaze for a squint at the other's tackle.

But now I instinctively thought, Oh no you didn't Ollie, you didn't resign, you got sacked.

I suppose it's something to do with me being happy, being married, knowing where I am: I can see things more clearly now than I used to.

It didn't need much concentration, and all through the morning I kept getting interrupted by the thought of Oliver standing there not being able to say anything, and then practically shouting what he did.

But I do.

I do, I do!)

I do, I do!)

He can be really clever when he wants to be.

I didn't go to university, Nigel did.

Probably not very much, no reason why you should.

I suppose it was because we know he's been highly-strung lately — his peculiar behaviour at the airport, for a start — that it took longer than it should have done for me to think over properly what had happened.

Sorry, absolutely no reason why you should.

But one is forced, upon contemplating Stuart, to conclude that if he is not currently d'un certain âge , he nevertheless might as well be.

Having Oliver with us helped, I'm sure it did.

You don't mind if I do?

While Hazel gazed, the wind slowly veered round into the west, as Cowslip had said it would, and brought the rain driving into the mouth of the hole.

They did not talk for talking's sake, in the artificial manner that human beings — and sometimes even their dogs and cats — do.

But they didn't.

A lot of the burrows are lying empty, you know: rats live in one part, but the man kills them as well, when he can.

But if you cross a river you start going up again, don't you?

In fact, I think you'll have to."

"Yes, of course it would.

But a few survived, as they always do.

You know that, don't you?"

 "Perhaps we have," said Bigwig.

 "I'm sure you do," said Cowslip, looking round at the  mudstained, bedraggled rabbits with an air of being too polite to comment.

"If he's not honest, he'll know we're afraid to come and if he is, he'll think we're suspicious, cowardly skulkers.

He pulled out a burnet leaf and ate it slowly, concealing his fear as best he could; for all his instincts were warning him of the dangers in the unknown country beyond the warren.

I'll be as quick as I can and you'll have to hope for the best until I get back.

They had no Chief Rabbit — no, how could they?— for a Chief Rabbit must be El-ahrairah to his warren and keep them from death: and here there was no death but one, and what Chief Rabbit could have an answer to that?

"So are all of us.

 "So he darned well ought to be," replied Bigwig, "the great dandy" for by their standards, Strawberry was scrupulously clean and fastidious.

"Well, you didn't get Fiver into it, did you?

 "They put that stuff there and then the hrududil run on it — faster than we can; and what else can run faster than we?" 

 "I don't think Pipkin's got any idea what really happened; but I have." 

Bigwig was racing back across the field, looking more agitated than he had at any time since the encounter with Captain Holly.

We supposed you would.

But then, if a lot of rabbits were afraid of some newcomers and wanted to deceive them — get them down a hole and attack them — they'd start — wouldn't they?— by sending someone who was plausible.

 "Well, there's no need to do any serious digging, is there?" said Bigwig.

Or I'll try to.

If he was terrified, why did he not run for safety, as any sensible rabbit would?

"It'll come there — don't think it won't!

 "I don't think we can," said Silver.

Now that I've learnt about it, I want to get away from it as soon as I can."

They won't leave me behind, will they?"

 "You saved Pipkin and me, didn't you?" he said.

Anyway, the others ought to know what we're doing and they won't unless you go and tell them.

But she has gone; and they fly pell-mell up the hedgerow, frisking, chattering and perching where they will.

The day I call you Chief Rabbit, Hazel, that'll be the day, that will!

 "If I don't," he thought, "they'll very likely tear me to bits: and much good may it do them." 

 "Do you really think we will?" asked Dandelion.

 "Your brother," said the Threarah, with the faintest suggestion of "Don't correct me any more, will you?" in his voice.

Of course I did.

And they will be — don't make any mistake about that."

You can't.

"Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would.

"Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would.

I hope I am.

Suddenly it came to Hazel that if Bigwig was dead — and what else could hold him silent in the mud?— then he himself must get the others away before the dreadful loss could drain their courage and break their spirit — as it would if they stayed by the body.

But I have heard that that scoundrel El-ahrairah means to come and steal them if he can.

No, why should you?

This, you understand, is to put the matter for you in simple terms, insofar as I can.

And he did all he could to make the food bad, except what he ate himself.

"You can't force them to like it if they don't.

 "Bigwig just spoke," he said to him,"but I don't think he can now.

"But, Hazel, you didn't really think the Chief Rabbit would act on your advice, did you?

Bigwig, just wait a moment, will you?"

And you want to know whether I did?

"You didn't know about the road, did you?

What we need is to find a safe place soon, and I'd rather succeed in doing what we can than fail to do what we can't."

What we need is to find a safe place soon, and I'd rather succeed in doing what we can than fail to do what we can't."

You know we all do, when we can.

You know we all do, when we can.

You really have to believe in El-ahrairah and Prince Rainbow, don't you?

You know that, don't you?"

 "Well, whether he has or not," said Hazel,"we can't go on looking for him.

 "Yes, I have," said Hawkbit.

I know I am.

If you are, I'll come with you."

 "Yes, we did," said Hazel.

 "You notice a lot, don't you, Hlao-roo?" said Hazel.

"You could hardly expect my people, weak and hungry as they are, to carry them all the way from King Darzin's garden.

Like all wild animals, rabbits can swim if they have to: and some even swim when it suits them.

 "That'll give some of them a surprise, won't it?" 

 "So could I," said Dandelion.

I just wanted to know whether you did.

Now that Hazel thought about it, he had not.

 "You've got some weight coming and that's more than I shall ever have." 

If you don't, we can easily teach you."

 "You heard me, didn't you?" 

If you can't find one, no one can."

Bigwig and Buckthorn smelt of blood and everyone else knew they did.

Hazel and the others followed as best they could, with Pipkin limping and staggering behind, his fear driving him on in spite of the pain in his paw.

She'll cut my head off, I know she will!

The Rabbit jumped wildly, dropped the gloves and the fan, and hurried away as fast as he could.

And she was.

‘No, I didn't!’ said the Knave loudly.

‘Well, yes, I do, but I don't steal them,’ explained Alice quickly.

(And he didn't — because he was made of paper.)

‘But you eat eggs, don't you?’

‘I won't!’ said Alice.

You can't…’

‘I do,’ Alice said quickly.

‘I prefer not to,’ said the Cat.

You can't swim, can you?’ he said to the Knave.

It was the same in all the other areas of my life; removed from the need to protect myself against the horrors of enhanced eidesis, I began to live as others did, blithely and unconsciously.

‘Yeah, I live near Saltdean, always have.’

Now, of course, I wish I had.

‘But, Mr Broadhurst, sir, all these things that I do and think, they're just habits, aren't they?

I mean everyone does these things, don't they?’

No, I'd love to.

After twenty minutes or so with the list broker you start to see the world as he does.

You'll not be like him, will you?’

Try as I might to be in the present, to subsume myself to history, to see myself as just another corpuscle coursing along the urban arteries, I couldn't.

Try as I might to be in the present, to subsume myself to history, to see myself as just another corpuscle coursing along the urban arteries, I couldn't.

It was whilst working my way through this, often writing in the column headings for several pages in advance to give myself the illusion that I had completed more than I actually had, that two important suspicions that had lain dormant for some time rose up and took on the aspect of horribly credible hypotheses.

But although he was terse, he didn't rage at me the way I expected him to.

‘Ah yes, Ian, but he has to me, he has to me.’

‘Ah yes, Ian, but he has to me, he has to me.’

‘It's just…it's just…that I don't have many friends and I do feel sort of isolated, I s'pose —’ I pulled up short, I was trespassing on forbidden ground, getting close to revealing more than I should.

You'll be sucked up and seduced by the beau monde, I know you will.’

But be that as it may, he no longer moved with the calculated languor that I remembered.

Of course, I know that you can.

Be that as it may, I perceive in your decision to purchase these shorts — you did purchase these shorts, didn't you?’

The rebuttal had done her no good whatsoever, her face was going blotchy, but she mustered all the sang-froid she could and continued, ‘Since you refuse to be civil I shall not moderate my criticism.

He knew I could, he was toying with me.

I couldn't.

‘But if you think you can — do.’

‘But if you think you can — do.’

All in good time you will have a bed partner and let me tell you, you will care for her far more than you ever could for this one.

‘I'm not surprised,’ said my therapist, ‘for nor can I.’

‘I-I, I can't seem to.

‘I want you to recall the label of said underpants, summon it up as fully as you possibly can.

would, for you cannot but do otherwise.

I don't…

‘Be that as it may, perhaps he would like to know that you have completely disrupted our meal.

Be that as it may, I perceive in your decision to purchase these shorts — you did purchase these shorts, didn't you?’

Of course you don't, I will perforce have to demonstrate.’

Be that as it may, I shall be philosophic if you prove unworthy of this not inconsiderable investment — I can always write it off as a little deficit financing — but if you wish to continue with our relationship you must be prepared to place some real trust in me.

‘I'd — I'd love to,’ I said.

‘I'd — I'd love to,’ I said.

‘Oh yes, it is,’ he said with heavy emphasis.

‘Well, there are and what I would like to propose to you is this, that you allow me to do these tests on you.

Wouldn't ye agree, lad, wouldn't ye?’

‘I am,’ I replied quaveringly.

‘Of course you do; Tim Hargreaves told me that you are an exceptional student.

You'd like to fiddle with the buttons of reality as he does, feel it up without remorse, without the sense that you have betrayed some shadowy commitment.

Why should they?

Sometimes it seems that way, doesn't it?

Now did you?

It couldn't be true, could it?

Nonetheless, you do still have some vanity, don't you?

‘Come off it, you do consistently well in all your modules — I've had a word with your course tutor — and as you've been continually assessed, you couldn't flunk now even if you wanted to.

‘Did you enjoy the piece?’ he asked, and before I could answer he went on, ‘I myself did not.

I came to be capable-as he had said I would — of the most beautifully consistent combinations of apprehensions with little twistles of kinaesthetic intimation.

If I strained I could see the world as others did, stereoscopically, but if I relaxed binocular vision would ensue, and while one ‘eye’ would remain focused, the other would slide away into the clouded periphery where The Fat Controller and his machinations held sway.

You know we did.

Didn't we have fun, well, didn't we?

I doubt it, because it is inconceivable, just as you cannot imagine what it would be like to be blind from birth and then gifted with sight (but of course I can).

Oh no I won't!’

All these people —’ he gestured wildly with a carpet roll of arm —‘they imagine that they perceive what is really there but they don't.

‘You do.

You'd like to get a little tiddly, wouldn't you?

ROS: Perhaps he did.

ROS: I must have!

GUIL: We got his symptoms, didn't we?

HAMLET:…for you yourself, sir, should be as old as I am if like a crab you could go backward.

GUIL: And when it isn't he can't.

ROS: Which he never could.

GUIL: Even if he could.

You can feel, can't you?

GUIL: Yes you did.

That can't be south, can it?

GUIL: And when it isn't he can't.

GUIL: You can still think, can't you?

A spectacular vindication of the principle that each individual coin spun individually (He spins one) is as likely to come down heads as tails and therefore should cause no surprise each individual time it does.

(It does.

If we postulate, and we just have, that within un-, sub- or supernatural forces the probability is that the law of probability will not operate as a factor, then we must accept that the probability of the first part will not operate as a factor, in which case the law of probability will operate as a factor within un-, sub- or supernatural forces.

And always have had.

That would be stupid, wouldn't it?

I know you, don't I?

PLAYER: You're wrong — they do!

PLAYER:(Gaily freeing himself) I did!— I did!— You're quicker than your friend…

ROS:(Cutting his fingernails) Another curious scientific phenomenon is the fact that the fingernails grow after death, as does the beard.

We are.

There's more money in that, is there?

But it's this, is it?

PLAYER:(Gaily freeing himself) I did!— I did!— You're quicker than your friend…

Because you'd be helpless, wouldn't you?

I mean, you'd never know you were in a box, would you?

I mean one thinks of it like being alive in a box, one keeps forgetting to take into account the fact that one is dead…which should make a difference…shouldn't it?

ROS: They had it in for us, didn't they?

PLAYER: Or we are as far as he is.

PLAYER: Or we are as far as he is.

GUIL: You did, the trouble is, each of them is…plausible, without being instinctive.

GUIL: I looked just as ridiculous as you did.

PLAYER: Who does, nowadays?

GUIL: If he didn't talk sense, which he does.

I was beginning to think it was.

I won — didn't I?

I mean I would, but you wouldn't…

I mean I would, but you wouldn't…

GUIL: Well, it would.

GUIL: I could see I had.

GUIL: Exactly, it's a matter of asking the right questions and giving away as little as we can.

(They do.)

So the Bishop of Liege dies fifteen years before he should: does this invalidate Quentin Durward ?

Should I have?

No, you don't: for the simple reason that I suppressed it a few pages ago.

Try as they might, those advertisers are always beaten down by the form; they are forced — even at the one time they need to be candidly personal — into an unwished impersonality.

If they did, they would probably taste of diesel and detergent.

And yet he said, when I expressed my feelings to him in public(I am not ashamed of love — why should I be?

‘Jean doesn't give a damn about that sort of thing,’ he growled, ‘and nor do I.’

I can imagine village priests delivering sermons on the Devil's invention and being mocked for it; but if they did, they were right.)

She slept less that night than Gustave and Louise did.

Then you should.

I suspect they do, and women, with the logic of flattery, remember to exclaim at the transporting moment, ‘Oh, I die!

I could see the banality of that; though of course he couldn't.

But I do not wish to.

He believed not merely that others should write as he did, but that others should live as he did.

No, he didn't.

Slip your fingers down my forearm, if you want to; yes, there, now feel the pulse.

He believed not merely that others should write as he did, but that others should live as he did.

Even so, it did strike me as peculiar that someone who lived by French literature should be so calamitously inadequate at making the basic words of the language sound as they did when her subjects, her heroes (her paymasters, too, you could say) first pronounced them.

What he wanted, of course, was for me to write as much like he did as I possibly could.

Flaubert does not build up his characters, as did Balzac, by objective, external description; in fact, so careless is he of their outward appearance that on one occasion he gives Emma brown eyes (14); on another deep black eyes (15); and on another blue eyes (16).

They believe that everyone should write as they do: not as well as they do, of course, but in the same fashion.

They believe that everyone should write as they do: not as well as they do, of course, but in the same fashion.

The correct word, the true phrase, the perfect sentence are always ‘out there’ somewhere; the writer's task is to locate them by whatever means he can.

Why should I ?

‘Flaubert does not build up his characters, as did Balzac, by objective, external description; in fact, so careless is he of their outward appearance that…’ it would be interesting to compare the time spent by Flaubert making sure that his heroine had the rare and difficult eyes of a tragic adulteress with the time spent by Dr Starkie in carelessly selling him short.

At thirty he muses — as he did throughout his life — on his own previous incarnations, on his apocryphal or metempsychotic lives in the more interesting times of Louis XIV, Nero and Pericles.

’ The list, which is by Roland Barthes, continues, as lists do.

You expect something from me too, don't you?

You won't forget about the cheese, will you?

That's the real distinction between people: not between those who have secrets and those who don't, but between those who want to know everything and those who don't.

Why should they be?

Oh no, I'm sure he didn't: sound fellow, good chap.

He says he did, but that was boastful invention: Bouilhet asked for salacities from Cairo, and Flaubert provided them.

Well, you know I've got brown eyes; make of that what you will.

’ But he didn't, of course; because she got it wrong.

There ought to be.

He could; he doesn't.

That's the real distinction between people: not between those who have secrets and those who don't, but between those who want to know everything and those who don't.

He feels as much sympathy for these victims as he does for slaves who died centuries earlier turning some tyrant's grindstone.

Well, to some extent we do: who would deny that?

What educated French writer doesn't?

One is that the writer chooses — as far as he can — the extent of what you call his involvement in life: despite his reputation, Flaubert occupied a half-and-half position.

It makes a fine scene, does it not?

The best life for a writer is the life which helps him write the best books he can.

He could; he doesn't.

 "No," Quiss said, shaking the attendant roughly so that the crownless brim round its cowl fell off, "I," he shook it again, sending the thing's hood flying off its head and revealing the smooth  continuation of the mask over the creature's skull, so that its little arms waggled trying to put the hood back on again as Quiss finished, "didn't." 

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

 "I don't —" he began, cleared his throat,"I don't usually dance all that much.

The room seemed darker now, and smaller than it had.

I'm not getting the practice I should, though.

She stopped talking then, as though she thought she had already said more than she should have.

 "The engineers are working as fast as they can." 

Quiss experienced the tiniest moment of fear, then savage anger, and was about to go down fighting —take as many of the little bastards with him as he could —when he realised that they were bowing and wringing their hands and making apologetic noises, not howling angry ones.

Unless you want to be.

 "You do?" the scullion said brightly, sitting up.

 "I don't!" came the yelped reply.

looked down at her feet as she walked, finally admitted, a little ashamedly, that it was all true; "I was wild," she agreed in her slow, low voice, nodding, Graham felt a sort of ache then, as he had when Slater first told him; he wanted to have known her then, to have been a part of her life during that time.

 "No, I didn't." 

 "Yes, you did!" 

He considered buying a cake to eat, but while he was thinking about it he kept on walking, and thought it would look stupid to turn back so far up the street, so he didn't, though at the thought his stomach suddenly rumbled.

"Yes you are.

They always do."

I know what the score is, like they say, I may be thirty-sev—thirty-eight, but I'm "switched on" all right —thirty-eight ge, and I know everything isn't "hunky-dory" the way people think it is.

 "Do" 

If it was all that important then they almost certainly hadn't.

If you are eligible, which I imagine you will be, you may claim Supplementary Benefit during the interim."

It said,"I'm probably saying more than I should, but as I'm giving you the information without you asking for It, I don't think it's covered by the rules.

Or was it?

I tell the truth, honest I do!"one was shouting, and it and a few others tugged at the lower edges of the few furs he still had on and pulling on his under-breeches where they appeared out of the top of his boots.

That was what he'd dropped, wasn't it?

Now, we don't think he's going to press charges, but you must realise that if he did you would in fact be facing a charge of assault, and coming as this does on top of your other verbal and written warnings —all within, I'm  afraid to say, Steve, "Mr Smith sat back in his seat with a sigh and flicked through a few more of the papers on his desk, shaking his head at them," a very short interval of time considering the length of your employment with us, and all regarding previous lapses in…"

Of course, he had known they would use the Microwave Gun on him; they always did when he was up in front of somebody, whenever he was at a disadvantage anyway and needed all the help he could get, whenever he was going for an interview for a job, or being asked things by the Social security people or even clerks in the Post Office.

Now, we don't think he's going to press charges, but you must realise that if he did you would in fact be facing a charge of assault, and coming as this does on top of your other verbal and written warnings —all within, I'm  afraid to say, Steve, "Mr Smith sat back in his seat with a sigh and flicked through a few more of the papers on his desk, shaking his head at them," a very short interval of time considering the length of your employment with us, and all regarding previous lapses in…"

I told them if we didn't get more light and heat up here soon I'd tear a few more of them apart, but after that they only started acting all stupid, and anyway they'll soon forget; they always do."

It hadn't been much of a job after all; he had thought at first from the sound of it that it might mean travel, but it didn't.

He hadn't wanted to sign anything, but they had said they wouldn't give him any money unless he did, so he'd pretended to read the papers carefully and then signed them.

Don't tell me I couldn't; I'm stronger than you know!"

I've said it before you did!

Ajayi raised her eyebrows, waiting for the man to look at her, but he did not; he simply sat, torso perched forward, one elbow on his knee, hairy chin in one hand.

There was only one day, wasn't there, or did they have days here but they were just very long?

Mr Grout, but the rules are that if you do then you have to"

Not just now, perhaps, but I am, I certainly am.

Mr Grout, but the rules are that if you do then you have to"

Not just now, perhaps, but I am, I certainly am.

"I certainly did.

Ordinary heat didn't itch the way microwave heat did.

 "I didn't say it was your fault, did I?" 

 "You wouldn't get the wrong idea if I asked you to put that light out, would you?" she asked.

"Well, I do.

 "I won't." 

"No, you can't, can you?

Because I'm not here because I want to be, that's why.

"No, you can't, can you?

I'm my own man and that's very important in these times, even if you haven't had the problems I've had, and you haven't, because that's perfectly obvious, you're sitting there and asking me the questions.

 "I didn't find out her name," Grout waved one hand dismissively,"Well you didn't get very far with her either, did you?

 "Of course I have," he said.

He tried to imagine drawing such a scene, but couldn't.

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

He watched to see if they would look over at him and Slater, but they didn't.

Time would have to drag on a lot longer than it had.

She thought Quiss had too but he didn't want to admit it to himself.

‘It is.’

But don't stop smiling, or so will I.’

‘You do have them, don't you?

He just does.’

It was the disconcerting sort of grip that suggested that the gripper could grip a whole lot harder, if he wanted to.

That's what he didn't, the water here.

A flash of precognition told him that the box would be able to swim faster than he could.

‘Hey, just hold that smile, will you?’

Even Rincewind did not.

It has been remarked before that those who are sensitive to radiations in the far octarine — the eighth colour, the pigment of the Imagination — can see things that others cannot.

‘I can,’ said Rincewind defiantly.

You do have some, don't you?

I certainly intended to,’ said the dead man.

‘But how does it?

‘You'd be Twoflower, wouldn't you?

At least, I think it is.

‘You mean you can't.’

‘Of course he won't!’ boomed an expansive voice behind him.

‘Didn't you?’ he said.

‘Just go away, will you?’ said the rider.

He hoped he couldn't.

The words of the Spell picked just that moment to surface from the depths of his mind, as they always did in time of crisis.

‘I expect you know what this is, don't you?’

‘You are.’

The coins quietened the men's agitation in the way that gold can, and Rincewind was amazed to find, half a minute later, that he was holding a little glass portrait of Twoflower wielding a huge notched sword and smiling as though all his dreams had come true.

If you wanted pink you shouldn't of took all those pictures of young ladies, should you?

‘We have, have we?’ said Ymor.

Twoflower wondered why he had thought of the phrase ‘a sliver of a scream’…and began to wish he hadn't.

‘He usually does.

I'LL GET YOU YET, CULLY, said Death, in the voice like the slamming of leaden coffin lids, SEE IF I DON'T.

Not that I hope it does.

‘We have, have we?’ said Ymor.

‘Had.’

Do you not know that what you belittle by the name tree is but the mere four-dimensional analogue of a whole multidimensional universe which — no, I can see you do not.

I would, he added mentally — if I hadn't seen what the Luggage does to prying fingers.

‘It is, it is,’ snapped Greicha's disembodied voice.

I will!

‘It is, it is,’ snapped Greicha's disembodied voice.

They wouldn't.

You can't.

‘I can't?’ he said.

So did the fourth.

‘Just follow your little heart,’ she commented; as she ever did in matters of important self-expression.)

‘Just follow your little heart,’ she commented; as she ever did in matters of important self-expression.)

Coming as it did from such a family — not only from Lazarus' and Lyon's own strenuous devotions to their faith, in which names are of the greatest significance, but also from that of Solomon Klinitsky-Klein, his maternal grandfather and his very similar tradition.

‘All hell rules over the man who is angry,’ says the Talmud, and by September 1939, when Leonard was beginning to come to terms with the thresholds of life's reality, hell was ruling the world, or at least appeared to be.

Leonard was fortunate to come to it when he did, for he was able to enter into the fruits and the confidence born of it, as well as classical English literature.

We do.

The choices are both a reflection of his inner confusion, and a statement of his determination to let his curiosity run wherever it would -and that long before ‘mixed’ courses were popular.

And his third year First Class results (known at McGill as ‘Great Distinction’) in English demonstrate where his heart truly lay, as did his obtaining the coveted Chester Macnaughton Prize for ‘Creative Writing’ in 1955; as well as the Peterson Memorial Prize in literature.

Layton described the four things which stand out in Leonard, which give him the confidence to work as he does, and promote his work: The strong tradition of learning; the business entrepreneurship of his family; the broad philanthropy/charity which hall-marked it; and, lastly, the self-awareness that comes from being a Cohen — not understood as class-distinction, but from the high symbolism of ‘the priest and his role.’

Moreover, he is angry that the rest of us — including the so-called caring brotherhood of World Federalists and Communists — do not.

But could he have been?

The first lines gripped him; as did the next verse; and then the whole poem.

A.M. Klein, a Jewish Montreal poet of considerable skill understood the matter, as Woodcock could not:

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

Ginsberg's Howl actually came out while Leonard was there, doing for the fifties and sixties generation what Eliot's The Waste Land did for the twenties and thirties, and not least Ginsberg's ‘A Supermarket In California’, in which he questioned Lorca's lonely habits; as did Lawrence Ferlinghetti's Picture Of The Gone World .

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

A more powerful figure it would not be possible to evoke from one of Leonard's background, for it captures a significance which the kite could not: that man is only one of many free creatures, subject with them all to a higher power and influence.

In essence his message was very simple, as the products of such geniuses tend to be.

But she would never forget the very different lifestyle of her early years — she was 20 when they emigrated; the veneration of her father and her father's father, the gross insecurity under which they lived; the ever-present threat of injury and loss, and the belittling malice; experiences which moulded and coloured her whole existence, as did her knowledge of Polish, Russian and Yiddish.

Nathan Cohen was one of them, and he had just cause to fear the upturn of the events, as did his younger brother, Horace.

His humour constantly breaks through in asides and anecdotes, as does a delightful and mastering smile that transforms his face like Aegean sunlight on a frowning sea.

‘I could get anyone under the spell,’ he says, adding that he had hypnotised their maid (as Breavman had in The Favourite Game ) and feared that he had driven her insane by it!

By the time the first sharp feelings of his loss had begun to wear off -it would be very many years before all of it did so, and arguable that it ever did — other voices were beckoning.

RELATIONSHIP TO CAMP STAFF: He is well liked by the entire staff and they enjoy his company just as he does theirs.

It went well, as did the second and the third lessons.

The daughter, apparently, had no feelings; she did not come into the picture, as elder sisters frequently do not.

It sounds like a soap opera but so does any tragedy (!) that happens to real people.

Leonard's poem, ‘Out Of The Land Of Heaven’ majestically captures that noble spirit, as it does the depth and beauty of human love and the song to which it gives birth.

It is typical of him to assert, as Judaism does roundly, that all work is honourable; and deny that the reliance on special work and destiny (‘God's work’) elevates a man per se .

In the meantime we may note that, right or wrong, balanced or not, Leonard spoke from the heart — as did the prophets of old; the sell-out qualities of the book demonstrated the need, as well as his astuteness in compiling his selection.

Somehow his feelings became detached from the critical procedures (not that he does not handle and assess his own work critically, which he does).

However, this seems to be a red herring, since the standard Buck topology uses a pair of inductors (though not coupled) and a single transistor switch just as the Cuk topology does, but need no other energy coupling device.

Since a perfectly symmetric waveform foes not contain even harmonics and an asymmetric one does, a possible technique would be to isolate the even harmonics as the usable signal.

They need to be.

The East and West African cables for example had to cross Portuguese territory, as did the South America cable which used the island of Madeira as a way-station.

Somehow Beethoven did, though it was not, one feels, a reading he would have approved.

It seems a fair bet that Joe Public finds it as hard to feel sorry for rodents as Winston Smith did, and though these lobotomised specimens were of the cuter white kind, it was possibly to watch this sequence without feeling many qualms.

I'll see that he doesn't.

She didn't go to the inquest but Alex did, although he never told her what happened there.

She remembered Elizabeth saying in the first weeks of her engagement to Alex, ‘Do you know, you're a rather intimidating couple?’ and she had been tempted to reply, ‘Oh, we are, we are.’

He is.

He had liked her, respected her, had always been at ease in her company, but he had never thought that he really knew her, and now he never would.

‘You could if you wanted to.

‘Yes, I think that I am.

It won't be just the three of us, will it?

The question did not appear to surprise her but it did surprise him, as did the very fact that they were walking so companionably together.

She said: ‘Well, why don't you?

‘You could if you wanted to.

He said: ‘If he doesn't select and stalk his victim, and obviously he didn't in the last three cases, he'd normally have to expect a long wait.

His newborn son's face he could still recall vividly and sometimes did in his dreams, that white unsullied look of sweet knowledgeable contentment, as if , in a brief moment of life, he had seen and known all there was to know, seen it and rejected it.

Ma-in-law didn't like the idea of her being in Norfolk with the Whistler on the prowl, not with me working the hours I do.’

‘It looks as if the Whistler's getting closer, doesn't it, in more ways than one.’

Rickards didn't want it to become public knowledge and it won't.

Alex Mair was beginning to say that he, of course, would drive her but Meg extricated herself clumsily from her chair and said, a little too eagerly: ‘I'd be grateful if you would.

‘Completely fortuitous, I should say, wouldn't you?

Even if they had, I wouldn't have remembered the name.

And this issue he had been hard put to it to find a couple of intelligent letters for the correspondence page; sometimes it seemed that every crackbrain in north-east Norfolk read the PANUP newsletter but that no one else did.

Or I will if you're too scared.‘

‘Could be either, couldn't it?

You could read about Him if you wanted to.

You didn't like it any more than I did.

He doesn't, but you do.

And by the end you know everything, or think you do.

Rickards said: ‘You'd think so, wouldn't you.’

He doesn't, but you do.

She was strangled all right, or I suppose she was.

‘Oh, I didn't mention that, did I?

In theory he supposed he could organize PANUP from anywhere in the UK, but he knew that it was irrevocably bound to Larksoken headland, to the caravan, to that concrete mass five miles to the north which had power, apparently, to dominate his will as it did his imagination.

Soon after she arrived at the caravan he had said: ‘I'm vegetarian but I don't expect you to be, or Timmy.’

They never do.’

You'd feel that you had to.

And yes, I did make gingerbread men with currants for their eyes, didn't you?’

The door at Martyr's Cottage stood open as it often did in sunny weather, and she called out to Alice before, in response to her answering voice, moving down the corridor to the kitchen.

Already he had half decided that it had to be.

It wasn't important to her, or if it was, she had decided to drop it, at least for now.

I mean, it's no secret, is it?’

‘Then someone else did, one of the regulars in the Local Hero, maybe.

‘You did.’

‘Well, with you gone I could go to the DHSS, couldn't I?

Bloody hell it won't.

‘I don't.

If men want to they usually do.’

If men want to they usually do.’

Of course she would.

‘Well, you would, wouldn't you?

‘Well, you would, wouldn't you?

That means he doesn't really want to.

‘No, I don't.

The press got hold of it somehow, as they usually do, but there's nothing official yet.

Mair said calmly: The answer is that it hasn't; the publicity was premature.

‘No, he doesn't.

‘Yes, I think I would, but I'm not a moral philosopher.’

I know I should have been.

I suppose I have.

‘Of course you would.

‘Oh, I did, I did!

And I thought you felt as I did, that it was impossible for you to have a child.’

‘Oh, I did, I did!

Is it?’

‘This is what it's all about, isn't it?

If he hasn't, then nothing does.’

If he hasn't, then nothing does.’

How could I?

It was the first time they had met although he had known of her existence as he had of all the handful of people who lived, as the Lydsett villagers said, ‘t'other side of the gate’.

But why the hell should he?

If, with the new job, he moved back to London she wouldn't follow him, and nor, she knew, would he expect her to.

She remembered Elizabeth saying in the first weeks of her engagement to Alex, ‘Do you know, you're a rather intimidating couple?’ and she had been tempted to reply, ‘Oh, we are, we are.’

Firmly replacing the lid he marvelled, as he always did, at the difference one girl and an eighteen-month-old baby could make to the volume of household waste.

It was a disagreeable story and coming as it did after the impact of the portrait it provoked in Dalgliesh a mixture of depression and foreboding which he tried to shake off as irrational.

‘You didn't know I could do it, did you?’

Sometimes she saw the three of them as expatriates, stranded in some remote colony, obstinately adhering to old customs, a lost way of life, as they did to old forms of worship.

If your father agrees, would you like to come and help with the table like you did last month?’

He said: ‘Presumably he knows that and he'll get out when he can, but it won't be easy.

The party  divisions between leading reformers such as Lloyd George, Mosley and Macmillan also hindered co-operation, as did personal hostility within political parties (on all occasions between Mosley and Ernest Bevin in the Labour movement and intermittently between Lloyd George and Keynes in the Liberals).

But this time I did.

I have to hand it to myself, I really do.

That worked out really well, didn't it?

I haven't suddenly become incredibly witty and good-looking — you'd have noticed, wouldn't you?— or a high-flier with a huge family that takes Gillian into its bosom.

But perhaps someone did — does — fancy Mme Wyatt.

People never did.

Every time I looked in the mirror — and I can be a very careful driver if I want to be — I saw the languid bride with shuttered eyes and hair adrift.

I know you don't — you've told me that before.

I never thought I could work with someone like Oliver there, but I can.

I read in the paper this morning that if you smoke you're less likely to develop Alzheimer's disease than if you don't.

But he doesn't, and I'm less and less convinced I'd react like that if he did.

Why do they go on the way they do, making a huge fuss about little things and then ignoring what ought to be much more important?

You don't?

We spent a long time on the sofa that evening, and I would have stayed the night if he'd asked me but he didn't.

Or rather, I do.

Stuart's been bleating on about how I changed my name, hasn't he?

I really don't.

The show went off as well as these things do.

Anyway, you can't go through the whole of your life being called Nigel , can you?

It doesn't happen very often, of course, which makes it all the more satisfying when it does.

Perhaps if she had, things would have been different, I don't know.

Did I marry Stuart because I thought he wouldn't let me down the way my father had?

You can't say that, can you?

First he told them to lay off me, and when they sneered and said what would happen if they didn't, he merely replied, ‘A series of inexplicable misfortunes.’

And everyone has to have an answer, don't they?

We stayed friends even though he went to university and I didn't, even though he went off to Nineveh and Distant Ophir and I didn't, even though I went into the Bank and had a steady job while he flitted from one bit of temporary work to another and eventually ended up teaching English as a foreign language in a side street off the Edgware Road.

Well that's a perfectly good monicker up to the age of about nine, but pretty soon you'd have to do something about it, wouldn't you?

Stuart In a way it's a surprise that the Edwardian has survived, but I'm rather pleased it has.

We stayed friends even though he went to university and I didn't, even though he went off to Nineveh and Distant Ophir and I didn't, even though I went into the Bank and had a steady job while he flitted from one bit of temporary work to another and eventually ended up teaching English as a foreign language in a side street off the Edgware Road.

And sometimes sooner than I do.

Well, maybe ‘blossom’ is an exaggeration, but I told Gillian one or two of Oliver's jokes, and we talked about being apprehensive over coming to the group, and then it emerged that she was half-French, and I had something to say about that, and the estate agent tried to bring in Germany but we weren't having any of it, and before I knew where I was I had half-turned my shoulder to exclude the other chap and was saying, ‘Look, I know you've only more or less just arrived, but you wouldn't like a spot of supper would you?

Half the world seems to have confidence and half the world doesn't, and I don't know how you make the jump from one half to the other.

But he doesn't, and I'm less and less convinced I'd react like that if he did.

Perhaps you do.

It is, oh it is.

It is, oh it is.

You will help spread the word, won't you?

No, I didn't think you would.

I said I did.

I never intended to.

We both have.’

‘You don't…

Maybe what I did was an act of complicity, or looked as if it could have been.

‘You don't…’

Everyone does.

I've got to.’

‘Oh, but I will.

So when I next got Oliver alone, I said to him quietly, ‘Look, you can tell me, you didn't resign, did you?’

And I did.

He didn't; instead, he sorted them out in two weeks flat.

No I don't.

And when I did I found I couldn't concentrate on my work at all.

I'm very glad I did.

I just suspect she'd want me to.

‘I don't either,’ I finally said.

The old Oliver wouldn't have had any…trouble like that, and if he did he'd just have danced away from it.

A lot of that sarcasm is just bravado, and if I can put up with his teasing, can't you?

I had a friend — well, I still do, it's just that we're temporarily out of touch — called Alison.

So he got wetter than I did.

Nothing she said, just a way she has of slightly turning and doing something else and not replying as quickly as she might.

You did?

There we stood, side by side at those hip-high porcelain  scoops, each staring grimly ahead at some Mexican firing-squad in the way that Englishmen do, neither dropping his gaze for a squint at the other's tackle.

But now I instinctively thought, Oh no you didn't Ollie, you didn't resign, you got sacked.

I suppose it's something to do with me being happy, being married, knowing where I am: I can see things more clearly now than I used to.

It didn't need much concentration, and all through the morning I kept getting interrupted by the thought of Oliver standing there not being able to say anything, and then practically shouting what he did.

But I do.

I do, I do!)

I do, I do!)

He can be really clever when he wants to be.

I didn't go to university, Nigel did.

Probably not very much, no reason why you should.

I suppose it was because we know he's been highly-strung lately — his peculiar behaviour at the airport, for a start — that it took longer than it should have done for me to think over properly what had happened.

Sorry, absolutely no reason why you should.

But one is forced, upon contemplating Stuart, to conclude that if he is not currently d'un certain âge , he nevertheless might as well be.

Having Oliver with us helped, I'm sure it did.

You don't mind if I do?

While Hazel gazed, the wind slowly veered round into the west, as Cowslip had said it would, and brought the rain driving into the mouth of the hole.

They did not talk for talking's sake, in the artificial manner that human beings — and sometimes even their dogs and cats — do.

But they didn't.

A lot of the burrows are lying empty, you know: rats live in one part, but the man kills them as well, when he can.

But if you cross a river you start going up again, don't you?

In fact, I think you'll have to."

"Yes, of course it would.

But a few survived, as they always do.

You know that, don't you?"

 "Perhaps we have," said Bigwig.

 "I'm sure you do," said Cowslip, looking round at the  mudstained, bedraggled rabbits with an air of being too polite to comment.

"If he's not honest, he'll know we're afraid to come and if he is, he'll think we're suspicious, cowardly skulkers.

He pulled out a burnet leaf and ate it slowly, concealing his fear as best he could; for all his instincts were warning him of the dangers in the unknown country beyond the warren.

I'll be as quick as I can and you'll have to hope for the best until I get back.

They had no Chief Rabbit — no, how could they?— for a Chief Rabbit must be El-ahrairah to his warren and keep them from death: and here there was no death but one, and what Chief Rabbit could have an answer to that?

"So are all of us.

 "So he darned well ought to be," replied Bigwig, "the great dandy" for by their standards, Strawberry was scrupulously clean and fastidious.

"Well, you didn't get Fiver into it, did you?

 "They put that stuff there and then the hrududil run on it — faster than we can; and what else can run faster than we?" 

 "I don't think Pipkin's got any idea what really happened; but I have." 

Bigwig was racing back across the field, looking more agitated than he had at any time since the encounter with Captain Holly.

We supposed you would.

But then, if a lot of rabbits were afraid of some newcomers and wanted to deceive them — get them down a hole and attack them — they'd start — wouldn't they?— by sending someone who was plausible.

 "Well, there's no need to do any serious digging, is there?" said Bigwig.

Or I'll try to.

If he was terrified, why did he not run for safety, as any sensible rabbit would?

"It'll come there — don't think it won't!

 "I don't think we can," said Silver.

Now that I've learnt about it, I want to get away from it as soon as I can."

They won't leave me behind, will they?"

 "You saved Pipkin and me, didn't you?" he said.

Anyway, the others ought to know what we're doing and they won't unless you go and tell them.

But she has gone; and they fly pell-mell up the hedgerow, frisking, chattering and perching where they will.

The day I call you Chief Rabbit, Hazel, that'll be the day, that will!

 "If I don't," he thought, "they'll very likely tear me to bits: and much good may it do them." 

 "Do you really think we will?" asked Dandelion.

 "Your brother," said the Threarah, with the faintest suggestion of "Don't correct me any more, will you?" in his voice.

Of course I did.

And they will be — don't make any mistake about that."

You can't.

"Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would.

"Well, perhaps they would, perhaps they would.

I hope I am.

Suddenly it came to Hazel that if Bigwig was dead — and what else could hold him silent in the mud?— then he himself must get the others away before the dreadful loss could drain their courage and break their spirit — as it would if they stayed by the body.

But I have heard that that scoundrel El-ahrairah means to come and steal them if he can.

No, why should you?

This, you understand, is to put the matter for you in simple terms, insofar as I can.

And he did all he could to make the food bad, except what he ate himself.

"You can't force them to like it if they don't.

 "Bigwig just spoke," he said to him,"but I don't think he can now.

"But, Hazel, you didn't really think the Chief Rabbit would act on your advice, did you?

Bigwig, just wait a moment, will you?"

And you want to know whether I did?

"You didn't know about the road, did you?

What we need is to find a safe place soon, and I'd rather succeed in doing what we can than fail to do what we can't."

What we need is to find a safe place soon, and I'd rather succeed in doing what we can than fail to do what we can't."

You know we all do, when we can.

You know we all do, when we can.

You really have to believe in El-ahrairah and Prince Rainbow, don't you?

You know that, don't you?"

 "Well, whether he has or not," said Hazel,"we can't go on looking for him.

 "Yes, I have," said Hawkbit.

I know I am.

If you are, I'll come with you."

 "Yes, we did," said Hazel.

 "You notice a lot, don't you, Hlao-roo?" said Hazel.

"You could hardly expect my people, weak and hungry as they are, to carry them all the way from King Darzin's garden.

Like all wild animals, rabbits can swim if they have to: and some even swim when it suits them.

 "That'll give some of them a surprise, won't it?" 

 "So could I," said Dandelion.

I just wanted to know whether you did.

Now that Hazel thought about it, he had not.

 "You've got some weight coming and that's more than I shall ever have." 

If you don't, we can easily teach you."

 "You heard me, didn't you?" 

If you can't find one, no one can."

Bigwig and Buckthorn smelt of blood and everyone else knew they did.

Hazel and the others followed as best they could, with Pipkin limping and staggering behind, his fear driving him on in spite of the pain in his paw.

She'll cut my head off, I know she will!

The Rabbit jumped wildly, dropped the gloves and the fan, and hurried away as fast as he could.

And she was.

‘No, I didn't!’ said the Knave loudly.

‘Well, yes, I do, but I don't steal them,’ explained Alice quickly.

(And he didn't — because he was made of paper.)

‘But you eat eggs, don't you?’

‘I won't!’ said Alice.

You can't…’

‘I do,’ Alice said quickly.

‘I prefer not to,’ said the Cat.

You can't swim, can you?’ he said to the Knave.

It was the same in all the other areas of my life; removed from the need to protect myself against the horrors of enhanced eidesis, I began to live as others did, blithely and unconsciously.

‘Yeah, I live near Saltdean, always have.’

Now, of course, I wish I had.

‘But, Mr Broadhurst, sir, all these things that I do and think, they're just habits, aren't they?

I mean everyone does these things, don't they?’

No, I'd love to.

After twenty minutes or so with the list broker you start to see the world as he does.

You'll not be like him, will you?’

Try as I might to be in the present, to subsume myself to history, to see myself as just another corpuscle coursing along the urban arteries, I couldn't.

Try as I might to be in the present, to subsume myself to history, to see myself as just another corpuscle coursing along the urban arteries, I couldn't.

It was whilst working my way through this, often writing in the column headings for several pages in advance to give myself the illusion that I had completed more than I actually had, that two important suspicions that had lain dormant for some time rose up and took on the aspect of horribly credible hypotheses.

But although he was terse, he didn't rage at me the way I expected him to.

‘Ah yes, Ian, but he has to me, he has to me.’

‘Ah yes, Ian, but he has to me, he has to me.’

‘It's just…it's just…that I don't have many friends and I do feel sort of isolated, I s'pose —’ I pulled up short, I was trespassing on forbidden ground, getting close to revealing more than I should.

You'll be sucked up and seduced by the beau monde, I know you will.’

But be that as it may, he no longer moved with the calculated languor that I remembered.

Of course, I know that you can.

Be that as it may, I perceive in your decision to purchase these shorts — you did purchase these shorts, didn't you?’

The rebuttal had done her no good whatsoever, her face was going blotchy, but she mustered all the sang-froid she could and continued, ‘Since you refuse to be civil I shall not moderate my criticism.

He knew I could, he was toying with me.

I couldn't.

‘But if you think you can — do.’

‘But if you think you can — do.’

All in good time you will have a bed partner and let me tell you, you will care for her far more than you ever could for this one.

‘I'm not surprised,’ said my therapist, ‘for nor can I.’

‘I-I, I can't seem to.

‘I want you to recall the label of said underpants, summon it up as fully as you possibly can.

would, for you cannot but do otherwise.

I don't…

‘Be that as it may, perhaps he would like to know that you have completely disrupted our meal.

Be that as it may, I perceive in your decision to purchase these shorts — you did purchase these shorts, didn't you?’

Of course you don't, I will perforce have to demonstrate.’

Be that as it may, I shall be philosophic if you prove unworthy of this not inconsiderable investment — I can always write it off as a little deficit financing — but if you wish to continue with our relationship you must be prepared to place some real trust in me.

‘I'd — I'd love to,’ I said.

‘I'd — I'd love to,’ I said.

‘Oh yes, it is,’ he said with heavy emphasis.

‘Well, there are and what I would like to propose to you is this, that you allow me to do these tests on you.

Wouldn't ye agree, lad, wouldn't ye?’

‘I am,’ I replied quaveringly.

‘Of course you do; Tim Hargreaves told me that you are an exceptional student.

You'd like to fiddle with the buttons of reality as he does, feel it up without remorse, without the sense that you have betrayed some shadowy commitment.

Why should they?

Sometimes it seems that way, doesn't it?

Now did you?

It couldn't be true, could it?

Nonetheless, you do still have some vanity, don't you?

‘Come off it, you do consistently well in all your modules — I've had a word with your course tutor — and as you've been continually assessed, you couldn't flunk now even if you wanted to.

‘Did you enjoy the piece?’ he asked, and before I could answer he went on, ‘I myself did not.

I came to be capable-as he had said I would — of the most beautifully consistent combinations of apprehensions with little twistles of kinaesthetic intimation.

If I strained I could see the world as others did, stereoscopically, but if I relaxed binocular vision would ensue, and while one ‘eye’ would remain focused, the other would slide away into the clouded periphery where The Fat Controller and his machinations held sway.

You know we did.

Didn't we have fun, well, didn't we?

I doubt it, because it is inconceivable, just as you cannot imagine what it would be like to be blind from birth and then gifted with sight (but of course I can).

Oh no I won't!’

All these people —’ he gestured wildly with a carpet roll of arm —‘they imagine that they perceive what is really there but they don't.

‘You do.

You'd like to get a little tiddly, wouldn't you?

ROS: Perhaps he did.

ROS: I must have!

GUIL: We got his symptoms, didn't we?

HAMLET:…for you yourself, sir, should be as old as I am if like a crab you could go backward.

GUIL: And when it isn't he can't.

ROS: Which he never could.

GUIL: Even if he could.

You can feel, can't you?

GUIL: Yes you did.

That can't be south, can it?

GUIL: And when it isn't he can't.

GUIL: You can still think, can't you?

A spectacular vindication of the principle that each individual coin spun individually (He spins one) is as likely to come down heads as tails and therefore should cause no surprise each individual time it does.

(It does.

If we postulate, and we just have, that within un-, sub- or supernatural forces the probability is that the law of probability will not operate as a factor, then we must accept that the probability of the first part will not operate as a factor, in which case the law of probability will operate as a factor within un-, sub- or supernatural forces.

And always have had.

That would be stupid, wouldn't it?

I know you, don't I?

PLAYER: You're wrong — they do!

PLAYER:(Gaily freeing himself) I did!— I did!— You're quicker than your friend…

ROS:(Cutting his fingernails) Another curious scientific phenomenon is the fact that the fingernails grow after death, as does the beard.

We are.

There's more money in that, is there?

But it's this, is it?

PLAYER:(Gaily freeing himself) I did!— I did!— You're quicker than your friend…

Because you'd be helpless, wouldn't you?

I mean, you'd never know you were in a box, would you?

I mean one thinks of it like being alive in a box, one keeps forgetting to take into account the fact that one is dead…which should make a difference…shouldn't it?

ROS: They had it in for us, didn't they?

PLAYER: Or we are as far as he is.

PLAYER: Or we are as far as he is.

GUIL: You did, the trouble is, each of them is…plausible, without being instinctive.

GUIL: I looked just as ridiculous as you did.

PLAYER: Who does, nowadays?

GUIL: If he didn't talk sense, which he does.

I was beginning to think it was.

I won — didn't I?

I mean I would, but you wouldn't…

I mean I would, but you wouldn't…

GUIL: Well, it would.

GUIL: I could see I had.

GUIL: Exactly, it's a matter of asking the right questions and giving away as little as we can.

(They do.)

So the Bishop of Liege dies fifteen years before he should: does this invalidate Quentin Durward ?

Should I have?

No, you don't: for the simple reason that I suppressed it a few pages ago.

Try as they might, those advertisers are always beaten down by the form; they are forced — even at the one time they need to be candidly personal — into an unwished impersonality.

If they did, they would probably taste of diesel and detergent.

And yet he said, when I expressed my feelings to him in public(I am not ashamed of love — why should I be?

‘Jean doesn't give a damn about that sort of thing,’ he growled, ‘and nor do I.’

I can imagine village priests delivering sermons on the Devil's invention and being mocked for it; but if they did, they were right.)

She slept less that night than Gustave and Louise did.

Then you should.

I suspect they do, and women, with the logic of flattery, remember to exclaim at the transporting moment, ‘Oh, I die!

I could see the banality of that; though of course he couldn't.

But I do not wish to.

He believed not merely that others should write as he did, but that others should live as he did.

No, he didn't.

Slip your fingers down my forearm, if you want to; yes, there, now feel the pulse.

He believed not merely that others should write as he did, but that others should live as he did.

Even so, it did strike me as peculiar that someone who lived by French literature should be so calamitously inadequate at making the basic words of the language sound as they did when her subjects, her heroes (her paymasters, too, you could say) first pronounced them.

What he wanted, of course, was for me to write as much like he did as I possibly could.

Flaubert does not build up his characters, as did Balzac, by objective, external description; in fact, so careless is he of their outward appearance that on one occasion he gives Emma brown eyes (14); on another deep black eyes (15); and on another blue eyes (16).

They believe that everyone should write as they do: not as well as they do, of course, but in the same fashion.

They believe that everyone should write as they do: not as well as they do, of course, but in the same fashion.

The correct word, the true phrase, the perfect sentence are always ‘out there’ somewhere; the writer's task is to locate them by whatever means he can.

Why should I ?

‘Flaubert does not build up his characters, as did Balzac, by objective, external description; in fact, so careless is he of their outward appearance that…’ it would be interesting to compare the time spent by Flaubert making sure that his heroine had the rare and difficult eyes of a tragic adulteress with the time spent by Dr Starkie in carelessly selling him short.

At thirty he muses — as he did throughout his life — on his own previous incarnations, on his apocryphal or metempsychotic lives in the more interesting times of Louis XIV, Nero and Pericles.

’ The list, which is by Roland Barthes, continues, as lists do.

You expect something from me too, don't you?

You won't forget about the cheese, will you?

That's the real distinction between people: not between those who have secrets and those who don't, but between those who want to know everything and those who don't.

Why should they be?

Oh no, I'm sure he didn't: sound fellow, good chap.

He says he did, but that was boastful invention: Bouilhet asked for salacities from Cairo, and Flaubert provided them.

Well, you know I've got brown eyes; make of that what you will.

’ But he didn't, of course; because she got it wrong.

There ought to be.

He could; he doesn't.

That's the real distinction between people: not between those who have secrets and those who don't, but between those who want to know everything and those who don't.

He feels as much sympathy for these victims as he does for slaves who died centuries earlier turning some tyrant's grindstone.

Well, to some extent we do: who would deny that?

What educated French writer doesn't?

One is that the writer chooses — as far as he can — the extent of what you call his involvement in life: despite his reputation, Flaubert occupied a half-and-half position.

It makes a fine scene, does it not?

The best life for a writer is the life which helps him write the best books he can.

He could; he doesn't.

 "No," Quiss said, shaking the attendant roughly so that the crownless brim round its cowl fell off, "I," he shook it again, sending the thing's hood flying off its head and revealing the smooth  continuation of the mask over the creature's skull, so that its little arms waggled trying to put the hood back on again as Quiss finished, "didn't." 

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

 "I don't —" he began, cleared his throat,"I don't usually dance all that much.

The room seemed darker now, and smaller than it had.

I'm not getting the practice I should, though.

She stopped talking then, as though she thought she had already said more than she should have.

 "The engineers are working as fast as they can." 

Quiss experienced the tiniest moment of fear, then savage anger, and was about to go down fighting —take as many of the little bastards with him as he could —when he realised that they were bowing and wringing their hands and making apologetic noises, not howling angry ones.

Unless you want to be.

 "You do?" the scullion said brightly, sitting up.

 "I don't!" came the yelped reply.

looked down at her feet as she walked, finally admitted, a little ashamedly, that it was all true; "I was wild," she agreed in her slow, low voice, nodding, Graham felt a sort of ache then, as he had when Slater first told him; he wanted to have known her then, to have been a part of her life during that time.

 "No, I didn't." 

 "Yes, you did!" 

He considered buying a cake to eat, but while he was thinking about it he kept on walking, and thought it would look stupid to turn back so far up the street, so he didn't, though at the thought his stomach suddenly rumbled.

"Yes you are.

They always do."

I know what the score is, like they say, I may be thirty-sev—thirty-eight, but I'm "switched on" all right —thirty-eight ge, and I know everything isn't "hunky-dory" the way people think it is.

 "Do" 

If it was all that important then they almost certainly hadn't.

If you are eligible, which I imagine you will be, you may claim Supplementary Benefit during the interim."

It said,"I'm probably saying more than I should, but as I'm giving you the information without you asking for It, I don't think it's covered by the rules.

Or was it?

I tell the truth, honest I do!"one was shouting, and it and a few others tugged at the lower edges of the few furs he still had on and pulling on his under-breeches where they appeared out of the top of his boots.

That was what he'd dropped, wasn't it?

Now, we don't think he's going to press charges, but you must realise that if he did you would in fact be facing a charge of assault, and coming as this does on top of your other verbal and written warnings —all within, I'm  afraid to say, Steve, "Mr Smith sat back in his seat with a sigh and flicked through a few more of the papers on his desk, shaking his head at them," a very short interval of time considering the length of your employment with us, and all regarding previous lapses in…"

Of course, he had known they would use the Microwave Gun on him; they always did when he was up in front of somebody, whenever he was at a disadvantage anyway and needed all the help he could get, whenever he was going for an interview for a job, or being asked things by the Social security people or even clerks in the Post Office.

Now, we don't think he's going to press charges, but you must realise that if he did you would in fact be facing a charge of assault, and coming as this does on top of your other verbal and written warnings —all within, I'm  afraid to say, Steve, "Mr Smith sat back in his seat with a sigh and flicked through a few more of the papers on his desk, shaking his head at them," a very short interval of time considering the length of your employment with us, and all regarding previous lapses in…"

I told them if we didn't get more light and heat up here soon I'd tear a few more of them apart, but after that they only started acting all stupid, and anyway they'll soon forget; they always do."

It hadn't been much of a job after all; he had thought at first from the sound of it that it might mean travel, but it didn't.

He hadn't wanted to sign anything, but they had said they wouldn't give him any money unless he did, so he'd pretended to read the papers carefully and then signed them.

Don't tell me I couldn't; I'm stronger than you know!"

I've said it before you did!

Ajayi raised her eyebrows, waiting for the man to look at her, but he did not; he simply sat, torso perched forward, one elbow on his knee, hairy chin in one hand.

There was only one day, wasn't there, or did they have days here but they were just very long?

Mr Grout, but the rules are that if you do then you have to"

Not just now, perhaps, but I am, I certainly am.

Mr Grout, but the rules are that if you do then you have to"

Not just now, perhaps, but I am, I certainly am.

"I certainly did.

Ordinary heat didn't itch the way microwave heat did.

 "I didn't say it was your fault, did I?" 

 "You wouldn't get the wrong idea if I asked you to put that light out, would you?" she asked.

"Well, I do.

 "I won't." 

"No, you can't, can you?

Because I'm not here because I want to be, that's why.

"No, you can't, can you?

I'm my own man and that's very important in these times, even if you haven't had the problems I've had, and you haven't, because that's perfectly obvious, you're sitting there and asking me the questions.

 "I didn't find out her name," Grout waved one hand dismissively,"Well you didn't get very far with her either, did you?

 "Of course I have," he said.

He tried to imagine drawing such a scene, but couldn't.

Even if she did not…even if all his dreams, his hopes did not…ah, but they would.

He watched to see if they would look over at him and Slater, but they didn't.

Time would have to drag on a lot longer than it had.

She thought Quiss had too but he didn't want to admit it to himself.

‘It is.’

But don't stop smiling, or so will I.’

‘You do have them, don't you?

He just does.’

It was the disconcerting sort of grip that suggested that the gripper could grip a whole lot harder, if he wanted to.

That's what he didn't, the water here.

A flash of precognition told him that the box would be able to swim faster than he could.

‘Hey, just hold that smile, will you?’

Even Rincewind did not.

It has been remarked before that those who are sensitive to radiations in the far octarine — the eighth colour, the pigment of the Imagination — can see things that others cannot.

‘I can,’ said Rincewind defiantly.

You do have some, don't you?

I certainly intended to,’ said the dead man.

‘But how does it?

‘You'd be Twoflower, wouldn't you?

At least, I think it is.

‘You mean you can't.’

‘Of course he won't!’ boomed an expansive voice behind him.

‘Didn't you?’ he said.

‘Just go away, will you?’ said the rider.

He hoped he couldn't.

The words of the Spell picked just that moment to surface from the depths of his mind, as they always did in time of crisis.

‘I expect you know what this is, don't you?’

‘You are.’

The coins quietened the men's agitation in the way that gold can, and Rincewind was amazed to find, half a minute later, that he was holding a little glass portrait of Twoflower wielding a huge notched sword and smiling as though all his dreams had come true.

If you wanted pink you shouldn't of took all those pictures of young ladies, should you?

‘We have, have we?’ said Ymor.

Twoflower wondered why he had thought of the phrase ‘a sliver of a scream’…and began to wish he hadn't.

‘He usually does.

I'LL GET YOU YET, CULLY, said Death, in the voice like the slamming of leaden coffin lids, SEE IF I DON'T.

Not that I hope it does.

‘We have, have we?’ said Ymor.

‘Had.’

Do you not know that what you belittle by the name tree is but the mere four-dimensional analogue of a whole multidimensional universe which — no, I can see you do not.

I would, he added mentally — if I hadn't seen what the Luggage does to prying fingers.

‘It is, it is,’ snapped Greicha's disembodied voice.

I will!

‘It is, it is,’ snapped Greicha's disembodied voice.

They wouldn't.

You can't.

‘I can't?’ he said.

So did the fourth.

Coming as it did from such a family — not only from Lazarus' and Lyon's own strenuous devotions to their faith, in which names are of the greatest significance, but also from that of Solomon Klinitsky-Klein, his maternal grandfather and his very similar tradition.

‘All hell rules over the man who is angry,’ says the Talmud, and by September 1939, when Leonard was beginning to come to terms with the thresholds of life's reality, hell was ruling the world, or at least appeared to be.

‘If I do not utter a word, I am its master; once I utter it, I am its slave.’

Some people impress by what they do, others by what they say, yet others by what they are.

His humour constantly breaks through in asides and anecdotes, as does a delightful and mastering smile that transforms his face like Aegean sunlight on a frowning sea.

To the scourge of this Depression dark voices were being added, and the shadows of armed conflict were beginning to impinge — a most unwelcome, even unbelievable thought to those who had, within the last 20 years, already risked their lives for King and country in ‘The War To End All Wars.’

Nathan Cohen was one of them, and he had just cause to fear the upturn of the events, as did his younger brother, Horace.

Masha had, in fact, learned the terrible lesson as the despicable pogroms developed into a policy of national hatred and persecution, later to be transformed into actual genocide and thence into the horrors of the Holocaust.

Not only one but both his elder sons did so, and thereby became the first Jewish officers to be commissioned.

But she would never forget the very different lifestyle of her early years — she was 20 when they emigrated; the veneration of her father and her father's father, the gross insecurity under which they lived; the ever-present threat of injury and loss, and the belittling malice; experiences which moulded and coloured her whole existence, as did her knowledge of Polish, Russian and Yiddish.

So it was that the Cohens' life was very largely circumscribed by the Montreal riding, which had as its most prestigious centre Westmount, where they lived.

It was their synagogue not only by religious right, as members of the local community, but because the Cohen family had, very largely, been the driving force behind its foundation and continued expansions through the years.

One of Leonard's few memories of his father (in addition to his monocle, his spats and his hair smelling of Vitalis) is that of his reading, both privately and aloud, to him and his sister — precious moments that fired the young boy's imagination and set him, although no one realised it at the time, in the direction of his life's work.

Coming as it did from such a family — not only from Lazarus' and Lyon's own strenuous devotions to their faith, in which names are of the greatest significance, but also from that of Solomon Klinitsky-Klein, his maternal grandfather and his very similar tradition.

In deference to custom, there was a party in the child's honour, central to which was a dish of peas, which symbolises the lessening of grief to those who have been in sorrow — never far from the Jewish consciousness, and of particular relevance to this family; a copy of the scriptures was placed in the child's hands, along with a pen — how especially appropriate for this child!— which will have been followed by the usual Talmudic discussions in which, no doubt, Lyon and Solomon will have capped each other 's comments.

Whether the parents planted a cedar tree in honour of the occasion, as another custom dictated (girls only got a pine tree!) we do not know, but we can rest assured that the salutation-prayer was made with particular relish for this first son of a first son: ‘A boy is born into the world; a blessing has come into the world.’

Additionally, his father's side of the family were very enthusiastic adherents of the British Empire and in addition to their being (as Leonard preferred to call them)‘gentlemen of Hebrew persuasion,’ they were perhaps more British in some respects than the British themselves, recalling what Hugh MacLennan said in his superb novel of the period,The Two Solitudes : ‘The French are Frencher than France and the English are more British than England ever dared to be.’

He does, however, remember the yardstick or strap which was then used to facilitate good conduct and discipline by the teachers.)

‘All hell rules over the man who is angry,’ says the Talmud, and by September 1939, when Leonard was beginning to come to terms with the thresholds of life's reality, hell was ruling the world, or at least appeared to be.

Both were old enough to feel keenly the savage blow, one from which Leonard suffered in particular, albeit outwardly in guarded silence: ‘The deeper the sorrow, the less tongue it has,’ said the rabbis.

An experience that no boy should have; that no boy can forget.

By the time the first sharp feelings of his loss had begun to wear off -it would be very many years before all of it did so, and arguable that it ever did — other voices were beckoning.

Nevertheless, advance he did, and so the time came for his Bar Mitzvah , at 13 years of age, by which every Jewish boy technically becomes adult (i.e. morally responsible for his actions), a ‘son of the law’.

Prized most of all was the collection of classical poetry — from John Donne to Robert Browning — which enhanced the Hebraic and Yiddish verse that had been with him from the first.

‘In the multitude of words there wants no transgression; therefore let thy words be few,’ is but one admonition regularly repeated in scripture and the sayings of the fathers.

RELATIONSHIP TO CAMP STAFF: He is well liked by the entire staff and they enjoy his company just as he does theirs.

REMARKS AND RECOMMENDATIONS: Lenny has had an excellent summer.

It went well, as did the second and the third lessons.

‘I could get anyone under the spell,’ he says, adding that he had hypnotised their maid (as Breavman had in The Favourite Game ) and feared that he had driven her insane by it!

Another aspect, quite apart from this shared verse-form and linguistic usage, is the natural hyperbole endemic to it, which is but a step away from the ‘surrealist’ usage of language that Lorca essayed.

And his third year First Class results (known at McGill as ‘Great Distinction’) in English demonstrate where his heart truly lay, as did his obtaining the coveted Chester Macnaughton Prize for ‘Creative Writing’ in 1955; as well as the Peterson Memorial Prize in literature.

The choices are both a reflection of his inner confusion, and a statement of his determination to let his curiosity run wherever it would -and that long before ‘mixed’ courses were popular.

We do.

Determined to follow his own star, he was drawn to his classes in Canadian Literature (which Dudek did hand-in-hand with MacLennan); and the Great Writers of Europe (from 1850 till the present); as well as Poetry of the 20th Century (in particular that of W.B. Yeats, T.S.

Leonard was fortunate to come to it when he did, for he was able to enter into the fruits and the confidence born of it, as well as classical English literature.

It sounds like a soap opera but so does any tragedy (!) that happens to real people.

Death is a tragedy (!) and whether it strikes at an eight-year-old  youngster 3.) or a senile old man, a scar is always left on one 4.) of the survivors — a scar that does not heal quickly.

The daughter, apparently, had no feelings; she did not come into the picture, as elder sisters frequently do not.

Moreover, he is angry that the rest of us — including the so-called caring brotherhood of World Federalists and Communists — do not.

But could he have been?

Young as he was, he could see the conflict she evidenced as an ‘off-the-boat Russian’ with the rest of Leonard's ‘classy’family.

At other times she would refuse to let Rosengarten in the house, especially if Leonard had had a late night out.

The first lines gripped him; as did the next verse; and then the whole poem.

Startled, his young student did so.

Another influence — arguably of even greater influence — burst upon him at this time, in the form of Irving Layton, the enfant terrible of Canadian poetry then a local school-teacher, who was invited to participate in a poetry workshop on the campus, and did so with great élan.

Layton described the four things which stand out in Leonard, which give him the confidence to work as he does, and promote his work: The strong tradition of learning; the business entrepreneurship of his family; the broad philanthropy/charity which hall-marked it; and, lastly, the self-awareness that comes from being a Cohen — not understood as class-distinction, but from the high symbolism of ‘the priest and his role.’

‘Just follow your little heart,’ she commented; as she ever did in matters of important self-expression.)

In the year in which they met, 1954, Layton had two books of poetry published — he does nothing by halves!— and Leonard was clearly dazzled by the man's prolific genius.

In this poem we see their shared Jewishness, and the ‘irreverence’(as some would see it) they each had for the Tradition — at least for that view of it which some espoused; we also see a shared disdain for rabbinic (and priestly) logic, to them both a form of mental death.

Not least in the sexual, for both projected a red-blooded response to their manhood which goes beyond the merely sexual or corporeal, claiming —demanding !— the full world of nature and manhood as their proper spheres: nothing was to be too sacred, for all is sacred — a Blakeian conception which predates Blake in its patent Jewishness by millennia, not centuries.

He was, as we have seen, already President of his fraternity.

There is nothing so admirable as a man who applies his knowledge with forceful direction and from his efficiency reaps a profit.

Would that we could fall into her arms without falling into her hands.’

But don't despair, my friends.

But Leonard is not of that cloth; his nature is obsessive; what he does, he must do with abandon; he has to work in total conviction, and dedication.

In Layton's company Leonard could be himself, recognise his own nature, and celebrate its pleasing to the full.

In ‘It Swings, Jocko’ he says, ‘I want my dreams to be of deprivation…’(which is, after all, the mother of poetry).

Moreover, he assesses such people (in his book The Nightmare , 1985) as being ‘markedly open and defenceless, not having developed the psychological protection most people have…they have thin boundaries (between conscious and unconscious states) and let things through.’

He didn't even like the people or the god of their cult.

Was Leonard aware, even at such a tender age, of the sense of grief his father had, not only in his life being shortened but with it his usefulness?

But this throws into high relief Leonard's (or at least Breavman's!) denial of spiritual responsibility: if the onus had passed to his uncles, and thereby to his cousins, why should he care?

Ginsberg's Howl actually came out while Leonard was there, doing for the fifties and sixties generation what Eliot's The Waste Land did for the twenties and thirties, and not least Ginsberg's ‘A Supermarket In California’, in which he questioned Lorca's lonely habits; as did Lawrence Ferlinghetti's Picture Of The Gone World .

He was also publishing some poetry in the ‘little magazines’, such as‘Had We Nothing To Prove’, ‘The Fly’, ‘To Be Mentioned At Funerals’, and ‘Just The Worst Time’.

(‘Platonic myth’ might be more accurate, if we detach from poetry does ‘narrate’in a Joycean sense.)

Somehow his feelings became detached from the critical procedures (not that he does not handle and assess his own work critically, which he does).

He could — and would -visit a revolution, be it political and national, or merely student; he would reflect on it, but he would never get ‘involved’ in it, be it Cuban, Ethiopian, Greek or Polish.

Leonard could be depressive along with many other poets (the psycho-endocrinological critique of poetry has yet to be written!); he could also be uplifting and assertive; he could, indeed, write ‘about something’ to use Faulkner's phrase from The Bear , and did so to the advantage of large numbers of people who gladly read, and asked for more.

In the meantime we may note that, right or wrong, balanced or not, Leonard spoke from the heart — as did the prophets of old; the sell-out qualities of the book demonstrated the need, as well as his astuteness in compiling his selection.

On being asked what constituted such vulgarity, it was explained that it was because it had ‘neither vest nor pants to cover his lower limbs!’

We had a good deal of fun doing it.’

So it was that they went on to do other things, but separately; a ‘beautiful’ working relationship was thereby broken up, and two highly creative thinkers had their play-writing ambitions stillborn.

Leonard did, however, manage to get a grant from the Canadian Arts Council.

In such primitive surroundings, amid the stunning beauties of the island and the glories of the Aegean, where fishermen still wrested a living from the sea and farmers scrabbled one from the land, Leonard found his peace; his ‘sitting-down time,’ as he called it, where he could — as all poets must — recollect in tranquillity.

Here he could live in virtually complete seclusion, at a fraction of the cost it would take in northern Europe or Canada; where the people were unconcerned as to who you were or what you did; and where breathtaking vistas opened up for the seeing — both external and internal.

But we should also note (as the critics largely did not) the positive values he inculcates in such reflections, with which he concludes his piece: ‘Must we find all work prosaic…?’

It is typical of him to assert, as Judaism does roundly, that all work is honourable; and deny that the reliance on special work and destiny (‘God's work’) elevates a man per se .

Not so! asserts our poet — there is no difference between the sacred and the secular, prayer or work (which have the same root in Hebrew); ‘oneness’ will out!

Leonard's poem, ‘Out Of The Land Of Heaven’ majestically captures that noble spirit, as it does the depth and beauty of human love and the song to which it gives birth.

But he is wrong to say that it is a gloss — especially as a rabbinic scholium !— on the Sabbath service only, and to hang (as he does) all his review from it.

A more powerful figure it would not be possible to evoke from one of Leonard's background, for it captures a significance which the kite could not: that man is only one of many free creatures, subject with them all to a higher power and influence.

In essence his message was very simple, as the products of such geniuses tend to be.

With his teachings and observances they could sing and dance, laugh and exult before God — as David did of old, as other psalmists did, as Miriam the prophetess and Moses himself did in his own Victory Song over the Egyptians.

A.M. Klein, a Jewish Montreal poet of considerable skill understood the matter, as Woodcock could not:

He has memorialised their encounter and its temporary effect upon his deeper self, the depths of feeling he had for her, in his significantly titled poem ‘Destiny’(Flowers for Hitler ):

KYLIE MINOGUE Enjoy Yourself (PWL Records HF9) According to a poll in the magazine Just 17, Kylie Minogue is the person most young girls in Britain would like to be.

If Les Negresses Vertes tend to jostle on the stage like animals being herded down a narrow street, it is partly because there are so many of them (11, when all the strays are rounded up), but also because, even as the show begins, several key members appear to be too drunk to be capable of motion in a straight line.

Like so much of the show, it gave a touching twist to the common run of things; it was as if he couldn't bear to see us go.

‘Unnecessary suffering?’, last night's Natural Concern programme (BBC 2), began with shots of the cuddly toys and cartoons with which modern children are sold the lie that ‘animals are whimsical, endearing extensions of ourselves’: the emotions which lead people to stick up for animals, that is, can be branded as essentially childish.

